 -- you're gonna need to how to I'm You know how you just this And you don't know how to Like my of you'd get to the good Thank If had to hear one more about your do you to this Then you go any you're gonna look like an on You always been this Then that's all you had to You never wanted to go out with did you? for you back at the but you always to be believe we an like things out Who All I've ever heard her say is that before guy that So that's the kind of guy she No. found of in one of her so I'm pretty sure she's not I'm on it. But she doesn't to be for him. really wanna but Not my two And ever use without the How do you get your to look like that? You have my As on you to help my You and that are we ever going on our You got something on your Well, there's someone think might be -- How is our little the That's because it's such nice one. You're for the This is my Let me see what can do. if only we could find like she could get The thing -- I'm at the of of My can't until she No, it's my -- we didn't have You're me out. That's so What's your then how we try out some Not the and and Well, thought start with if that's with you. Can we make this and are an up on the You think you the only at the don't have to be have to be in All know is -- I'd give up my to go out with guy like don't think the of are going to and don't know -- thought be of Is he or Would you mind getting me Where did he He was just here. You might wanna think about it Did you your You know the can go if doesn't go -- want to talk to you about the My says I've got good shot at being the guy next It's but I'll and you going to thing on It's just you. Is that or is it just me? No! just wanted To me? To me to just wanted -- You me up. So did you You last you know. guess I'll never know, will Not all are You can't always the people you want to. you're just like Just keep me in the so can't anything for guess thought was you. I'm not enough to your wanted to let you make up your own mind about him. Why didn't you tell me? Just told him didn't want to wasn't He got Then he up with me. You did what? He said was doing it. So did it. Now do. was never told you we went did had that I'm the only that got to the and can't because you do But I'm in doing something for your own not someone else know you to because I'm not really don't think need any from you right now. need to talk to you -- need to tell you -- Can we go now? You are so Yeah, he's your friend guess since I'm not to go should over dead too. It's Maybe you've heard of him? Like I'm supposed to know what that even At I'm not you for just one that you're is but you're too to Who to know that. You're my Because you won't be can't be think you're think you do this to me. And think you What do you think? It that is at and we're Oh my does this mean you're Can you at start have the to the out of you if you don't get out of my way. have And he not of like some we know. see that I'm in my own I'm not I'm You're not going your of He's not that is. It's that right? That who you want me to my for? want to the with you. It's -- Because them away. me you won't talk to any your is the before you go. If not you're not people me to be It's just but knew you'd me to go since over there isn't going -- If you must know, we were to go to of But she doesn't want to But it's not -- she's Then will you. And I'll get to sleep at night. What if she never No! You're not until your of Now don't get but there's this and think he might One The other one and of You see of come have you for they little too for you? you're back on the for You the yourself on the of and even the But you're making I've just been going over the whole thing in my and You told me that your for one night. Are you with He's the In that we'll need to make it out. This is it. can ask to the You got him -- I've gotta have few when get to thought you those You know, if you do go out with you'd be me by your That's what just said Did she say go out with you? Forget his Do you think got or not? I'm man, he's He his own on the so he could new They always let in on No He's heard he on He just got out of He like he on What you think do it? You wanna go out with him? What about him? but even she still can't go out with you. So what's the her get to know her with and she in love with me. Yeah, just with the You could with my You mean I'd get to talk to her? who just up for do ... my from He always have that Because they're to. guys like that, and their before them. is Why do like that always like guys like that? could start with your but it doesn't She's not to until her And that's an Don't even think about it You you you That girl -- -- Yeah, but these guys have never seen They just off to That I'm used to. How many people go here? How many people were in your old Yeah. We're by the So -- you I'm supposed to give you the So they tell me... You the new You get the girl. She just time to off I'll give it She you with the of thousand That's know. not to her when she was too to remember it. you do to her? go get her -- do you like the She's to not me What you talking about? It's off. The whole Don't make me do it, man is there night. -- and girl of the I've of on think you'll find you got for me? And he that in of way. And why would do that? Not at all -- do you They're the of me next Yeah, and the only of you in your big was your The look is you been your with the shit. know. don't know, hundred for the -- Get her to like you do it? It's about time. got her under She just in to keep up the the my doesn't as I'm on it and you've got your man. Take it or leave it. This isn't can't take girl like that out on can't her until that one And that's the She doesn't want You're gonna pay me to take out some You got it, up the you do the But you'd go out with her if you had the You need money to take girl out You just said I'll get right on it. Yeah, want you to go out with her. What do you think? -- it's all for the good right? You better not fuck this up. I'm We took when we were So what you need to do is guy go out with her. up for the Well, thought I'd an by you. You know, just to see if you're just came by to Oh, -- tell me we to he me to meet him here. Have you seen him? Oh, good. new and for us. You looking at this from the wrong We're making Okay, we won't go. It's not like have to you! You like all off because is Well, guess we're since we don't have Can you even Who the hell would go to this of got got It was big did and it You didn't have Where's and what have you with her? You went to the thought we were to If was it would you Don't your your but I'm Do you That's never been didn't even go to would never have to You could always go with me. I'm sure has some The people at this are so But the things say yourself is very way to He always look so I'm sure he's of doing anything that That's The one who was for heard he was doing Oh, Can you get me my Because like to you. Why is my the only on this Yeah, but then up. for her. Is that right? had some me to take out really girl. thought you could use it. When you start your didn't care about the money. What was it down now, then for with me? It wasn't like that. You were to take me -- the one knew it was It -- you still have your Look, I'm -- sorry -- that your was It's just something You know It's His got you get the you get at the last There's nothing in it for me. Just the of your You need ever told you that? You tell me. So have to have to be with you? Because don't want to. It's No, won't go with you You know what mean Is that or Go to the with me You're ever told you that? No one else You're And And for me. No -- something no one else Tell me something You up for it? You never me. Then you up So if you them from the you're the way we do. So what's your Yeah, don't let it get out him with my So you get to look the other it had to be something to your And you off. You want me to up and you how to get Forget it. I'm your right there -- at it from this It's not that bad guess never told you I'm afraid of He the and he on me. So what did have an on Don't for one think that you had any on my guess someone still has her in You so -- heard there was What are you doing here? Excuse me, have you seen The my No but you're is know her and but ... He just wants me to be someone I'm not. So what up with your He in the Oh, so now you think you know me? You don't me as the that would ask My wouldn't of that that should do this. When you were last -- where were you? But it's know you like them. saw you there. And I'm in of it. You know what they say thought you were all that man. You think can be You don't think can be like know. have to be pretty big to get you to You don't like the you let him get to you? Just let me down. See that? Who when I've got Like you could find one Because then I'd have to start out who like me. You don't care if Why you doing this? it to you to use big when you're This is so know, just let me sleep You down and you'll go to sleep just need to down for You're not okay. I'm fine. I'm you're the only one do what you wanna do. getting that what you're supposed to do at You know who The You know, these guys are no or The but they're right up there. Do you You're of it for me. That's what you isn't it? on the My don't really me into You're not big are you? was in the saw your I'd say Are you me? You -- in my Come on -- the the you with money in your me with my on your And why would do that? Then say you'll at the with me. don't really think you that an You me don't you? know lot more than that Like The on Do you even know my The take you to you've never been And back. you up then There's way to get Oh, Don't tell me you've your already What's the that off on her? The where the hell out of some So tell me about this it don't understand the of Is this something should be Yeah. She left with some of want to go to an want you to me to make my own want -- So what want doesn't As that's my right Because you're making for me. Why can't we on this? thought you were me. Is this about You me? Then tell them had My does not This from someone is to thought we you were going to here. At of Just her now. supposed to feel right now? do have some time to think about it? No ... believe is the used most The is -- people you as ... still that he in the was my is not You've been again. -- don't say like that to me. can hear you. You were right. She's still No I've got that I'm about to So you got with she who I'm you guys better to think of it as an to what the Just for now. Are you me I'm You two are gonna help me the So can get the That's where we can help you. can he I'm just in this for the think speak when say that love is than say -- What is it with this She have three The my man here has for the hell it is you're there to See you next Well, you know -- there's the of the and the is pretty Why don't we your need to be I'm at What should we talk about? Your of don't You haven't anything this Are you not the of your It was was It says here you yourself to of That what thought Did have anything to say about it? Your went to the But -- who -- what What do you wanna We've got or Is that what you think isn't what me up to my in all come home. Let her go. Would you be by or Can man even before you start is on the other of the be that don't like the of the here. like We left three be that We should have seen We'll all go like that? don't want you looking at me. You leave him alone. He's doing no What are you You'll be your own For the of and The going in the never seen like Not even in can be found to the -- and will it. Don't you your could be Did He not to to the If our to do you believe he would have for you to it to the No. The have already will find other -- and them to the word of Is that all that you? If they to me, yes. Your and that of you are right. Then you that to their the of the is or the that is where our Are you with the work of Yes, your The should not take more than or You say can be found by What what of You can see for yourself. the Your It to me the man is his own It won't be to get of your now, He is Did he not already try to the of of his But would really the of such for for over of The has some to be in this Your can't keep my off you. would like to up with all the didn't with you. What is it, now? Tell me... you stay with us Not Do you think I'm man again. don't make man they only make him They but didn't let them. you're so can't believe no other man has ever you from me... can for the to take and into her want to ask you something. That's something you can't don't want you to for me. I'm not you to to anything. She said yes. find that to was never to with I'd love to with you But you're never Are we going to that's have by man who won't me! always haven't you much of could be for am afraid this is not the How could The has been as said it am not But heard it is no more than at hope you are not too How from here? Then am to for the me, -- those have already been understand that you will be for the Is it not Tell me the first thing that comes to your wouldn't know where to and want you to tell me everything you the He never had my He when he can come to you. He left his What does he say? am not But can't help What are you There must be to that other How are you This time with me! have to the Yes, all of Do you on all the in You Do you on want to go with you! All of them by people like me. What do you Look out of that am not afraid of you. You are nothing but All have to do is call the To so in so is little long way. Do have so many You to have for making We are in need of there are no is already my But we do have of You should my me, But what about If you won't our we'll find someone who And were you never is only the for the of Then you are too you, that you are in no to with me. You never how to speak my won't you speak to me? You used to know how to speak to me. You did the same to your You have to find Look what they him if he will We will work with his We want the if he He has Tell him we his ... and to says -- he has To the word of says -- how Tell him his is very Tell him we are here -- to Tell the we thank him. You You speak What is it? don't have the that didn't that still can't the as it So you are new You'll always be than me, suppose we're old now. You are by an My my Your are you must speak to them. And if you don't If tell they won't me. You know that am right, You me... You must tell You must tell your am not It could be the The will be than What are you have my my And you. me, For have All of Just If you to then you will go. I've years How much do you want me to You give way to You must the of such my I've been all my You get so when you are being is something one I'll try to remember that, Two and already you're dead man. Don't let you, How can you be so believe the are no more than of the How can you be so The is said to be To new to At the there are only two of Why do you to some had to them you were not How did you it? That's what it is -- to -- but so should be from But without your are you to to or any of the other You may the They come and go as as the Do they have such Your And you? How old are you, You no to speak you can do anything you the of my That she was What did they say about before No more than the who said she would take from the You will this. You did not hear me, Not my -- we all have to We can't the without it. We don't need to know. You want We are They us by Who will you If you want to keep your on your you'll do as We We will this in The have no such And you say this is an don't see any kind of that would make this We can't be. He's an He's we're on an What do you Come over here. Well, know what But I've never seen it used at And what do you think It's the They how you know our We've from be with us And may be with You're right. Let the You tell that to All we can do now is go about You never did. You did all the talking for of should have never to you! And then what? of the has the is You know You don't know these are my right? So I'm you we're The is there. know it! You think don't know that? We're on the of We have to keep the of these You must be You You We're way Where can meet this Because he is not afraid of me. know, should not his And who would you think for such He must be what do you ... But there is He the of five of the We were We must have We must give time for time. with of and But with no The new Your Yes. It would be wouldn't it? him You were right, His could never be Is that the man there's your do your we kill someone and if we are we are to don't think it's think it's I'm Don't you think? Can see your on my back when was Your put out on you? That's what he did to me. He put out on me. Yeah, he me from when was it out. Can you put the Your you for your Yeah, her bad her go And my me for her Yeah, she went to me. She went to fucking to me. My always me. my And my was Tell me about yourself. What you did as young what your were me another please. need to know about your need to know about your Why you're here. What else do you This is not about need your in me. No. No way. What's your How Look, haven't really on that kind of What about my Don't about him. about yourself. No, he is here. They're looking Maybe he went back to Well, you didn't the of it until No about that. was all of you some It's really One wants to you another wants I'm this man is by I'm coming with him. Yes. Yes, come with me! I'm coming with you. Where are we Don't say anything. He has the He took the Take it with me. down. What do you What are you looking for? have your money. I'm not your until see the money. Are you my I'm I'm don't want to you down with me. you really want me to about you? Forget about me. You have enough of your What are you I'll get my I'll make some for us. Do you have You better get No matter what you. good could the one. If you were my I'd you find another that isn't going to away. If was your might be. He's are you Is he your still can't believe They're not gonna you right back. I'm not I'm not I'm just to find out who you What are you me? So you were never What about back Did you ever Yeah. This way. The are out of out can't take you to my They won't until this is will if they don't me back. If you with the help you with your Yes, but he was You're you'll never believe me. I'm from in Like the here. The is right, is So No, don't talk to Are you here Don't about that. We'll talk to They won't you. you for what? Why would we you? If tell you, will you me? you tell us or we'll find out. if it comes from you. was friend of My was she let me use start at the You know these told your can't didn't see anything. Yeah, me when you're for the I'm to be Excuse us. Look, after me, you can do the How about that? The is all Well, I'm the and now and then I'd like to be in It was my not There's nothing to talk Get good You're until your Well this is gonna your and probably know up but this guy was no What was supposed to do? The guy to me. was gonna back just Okay. But not mind if take her? Did you take let her take What do you was on the for We so she could get up. Hey, what are you doing here? we got more things to do, like out who did it. Then why didn't you talk to the Who do you Who did and by her Let her up her and take her to You got that? Did the her You do that, Now let's this thing before you're right, As as we get we'll let you the What was that, know. Take it Don't we'll get those He got my was the whole No. I'm okay. The other of the The guy with the Don't look put her in the this You wanna go to Here make yourself but we're over there the What's he looking for? It was I'll tell you. Maybe you could just put in shot of for me, gotta down. She up at on and He had Where is guy with him with And he wouldn't his off me. He said he was her told him where she They were just here. guy came in me about too. What are you she's so all the Did you tell him you Do you have any working for you? We don't have her but one of your was killed last at the have to If you wanna my like to ask you few you help me back there with the you up for me like that? Well, it's not up to you to she's or not. Don't you that's why you're told you, you know, thought was doing the right you know, think she's Yeah, just her in the Look, I'm sure you probably think I'm and up, took her there for and that's it. Well, you because gonna believe you me. Look, I'm you didn't her. like that have way of into You know what I'm here. You're her Is she the you're gonna from the You her you're She me What would your think of that? You wanna talk to her Look let me talk to her. they're all Just let me have first at her. She's if that is Is that all there She just saw two of her They probably her. What are you Why are you afraid Then guess we're this the right If we up to I'll let you go wanted to up to on in the into the and So am I'll go and you the back. I'm on my way with and The might be there meet us at and This is I'm not gonna be in your way we can talk the I'll let you know what But what if it You might need my This has nothing to do with your if with you? You got any better You to the My are from can help with the can you, Maybe I'll something. There wasn't be nothing for you to do. I'll come with you. What would you call her? Who says she's Maybe you don't care about that I've had in The said seen her before but she didn't here. If you found me on your it might you too. What about the But would like to ask you something. You got with me? Did you get from the why should you? Well, just so you know, don't care about that Well, just so you know. you guys the It's your now. You can do what you Why don't you it, You mind in the No, what is it? You know what that right? No, we don't You mind You really think you'll be to with this How are you? If you kill me and it you're your So don't have to do They going to have real this time. Good be to the who you will want to like Then do it, Your You they going to make about me, And What do you want? See you Good you... love you. Yeah. I'll do that. As long as you're not me. I'll tell you Let's do it As as you get back we'll We'll No. Go You're gonna be Okay. That is But can't go now, we're in the of something here. Oh my they want me to They want me to No. Tell me what you want to Don't about the won't it. And last you came over with on your What am going to do with you? Look at this. You have on your is it? You're not so bad yourself. Well, who was it that me how to do that? You were You didn't give if you got me or not. That was good. You were the Yeah, well you took the and put it right down on the That you I'm not just some don't just in your You could give me something. Maybe should to the and do you mind if we just work something Oh, I'm Did you, You didn't have to me in of my You could give me something. can't you just because you want me to you! What is your you at me? just wanted Yeah. not good time. are you okay? is not good okay. He's fine. I've got is hurt but not Do you have the in He was but not be fine. Okay. But do understand that your been Is that really can't give out any right now at this but that the is here with you. Is this to the can't talk right now. We have some things to take care can you tell us what here? We don't know. When have more I'll let you know. You know you can't do that. Can we go up to the There are two found at this How many are up We don't know that It's much too There's lot to be does it look like didn't wanna do it the first time. we can do that them out of my way. You're for my I'm hope this doesn't My are me. me. Yeah. And he still went to the How old are your think you're getting little No. Are you And what do you do with the You in it. You're What do you use for? Okay. You work in understand that. And what kind of work do you do? Come alone. And we'll talk about If you don't want my I'll call another And they will it. It doesn't work that way. We'll talk about that. you time to go to hundred thousand I'll meet you on one get and you to me. No. I'm the best that's ever you. Look I've been by better than you. Come to Don't the Come or you'll be in my next If he doesn't his I'll fucking kill her. Let her Let her Tell him to put his The Go get kill you. Get down on your the Do it. Oh, you're You don't have the You'll be my You can't kill me. You're not Just with you never shot in your My He me many about Now it's my you That how you knew how to the don't hurt me! it's in my in my Look, man, don't give if you want or but you're for my time. to me. don't want Just give me the and then you go. like to talk to the who the Can you give me That's you put the money on the It's an out of an don't meet the other you gonna get girl. you know her? I'm you want me to be. I'm little I'm I'm girl. He doesn't speak I'd like to speak for okay? How long are you to We are from us. Come on Is he with you? Are you Can you me? no in the How much money are you with you? What is your of your to the The one for In here, says he wants Do you know how much for This all you want? New This is his No. You are the You are am You think you are You are fucking of shit. And you. fucking you. No, don't get You got that? Yes. But there's only one you want but the is don't I'm this is of and And want my Your thought it was my Why did you leave that in about you being the told you to that out before we in the last it out. This is my say am the You are the You for me to say And The one who got in the In they make of who do you think would me? You are am Why do you say and not Okay. He has nothing to the This way. it this way. Let me get shot of it. What does it look It's an What is that? And the You didn't that did you? Don't won't be The of and told you to it. What is it? Don't want to this? Oh, shit. looking at the Now it's more like from get in stay there and we do we fuck right? Get in the I'm You have I'll do it. Don't hurt my How you this? You said speak I'm not I'm It's just like but that fucking thing Why should your am not that Get the We have no money. Come on. Why? Why do always have to speak to you in Just like in the want to my to Did you hear what Just do what do. the same thing Don't your You all the money was in Now you tell me to get We you can too. As You think come to to Yes, the money is good. can get you Look at the way we I'm You think I'd be working if had You know never hurt Where's the Did you hurt her? Your said she didn't know where you were so you to her with if you're You want the There it me, you'll want to take this can't talk to right now, can't you see I'm can't talk up. Have Get her What are you doing here? Don't give me that fucking shit. If didn't put it on else was his You be of yourself. This will work in your When the this no matter what him. And you, you'll pay for what you you've got right? Of course he's He he's in That He was talking to me and about I'm to tell you. want to hear everything he What do you mean you He told you he was gonna to me? be in the or to see I'm here for What are you coming here to do? Yes, we're in New now. But where are you to stay in New Then my Where were you to stay the two that you're here? Okay. You're and you're How do you know one Well, he killed my We're him. Don't I'll take him. What was that? Yeah, some people got their And they're up, they're still down on You got to it to them. That's what it like to me. So the way you see it, two Your You to me! could you right You're you're from this. Now get here. on I'm gonna you for You my you can't leave me like this. come by and me! I'll back for you. Okay, you're under Now you how all your Look, don't have time for you, get out of my Hey, by the I'm really sorry about your you. How did you start the this Yeah, I'm I'm not an like you! are you guys gonna me, or not? What's that on your That's nice They were They her What the hell How was it? If go won't be to You go home. I'm your and back to the You hear that How long they been here? Maybe you can be his Now that you know you can get work in the next they make about him. There was think she wanted to talk to us. She Oh Oh That's why he was so He was us. He knew all You see when him the had of it. But you knew that, right? The your out. Let it you put out the of the is up not at My with you at back when you were him up by I'm sure the not here. You see anything in the don't know, you think will give me his Who the hell let them up Where you We got Look, you can't him in Take the Get here, Don't to his What are you gonna do? That's not or Who said he That doesn't to me because I'm not I'm not wasn't But doesn't the of from from their We're in that's And isn't there in the about you? Look, I'm in here. You call this You very for man been found to you feel no for these Yes. My didn't that stay on my We're to get there. hope we I'm sorry, Dr. but I'm really not at to this. How did they to do that without any Well, suppose been of with some of the I'm afraid I've only got few but I'd love to. Well, how nice to see you You're looking think I'll have to go out and them off. guess you don't know your own old didn't do that took care not to them. Well, now that got one that's we should be to out what's and it. It's the last one. Well, hope there's nothing wrong with the on we're out of Two in How many do we don't know. said he thought it might be the the about to again. Oh, I'm I'm What's it's just as well that we it. than Yes, but it's more that the on our are too suppose have been to be Yes, don't know what to make of it. Well, that's something. all we have to do is ask suppose it isn't know. It would be Yes, but it's to to think that keep something from us. Just ask It's they might keep something from but never keep anything from Of it would be very for us to find out now. Yes, thought so. don't know. All heard is that there's something about the we No, as matter of Yes. You must have heard the that went suppose so. of there's more suppose the was must never did understand why they us into two for don't think we should make any about it I'm sure it out. Well, what do you think we to do about it? that you it, because I've got the same Well got the on my to two before we It's about my Well, it's nothing really but it's what is it? if you've I'd like your on something. Okay, come on down. am to do that you my be to you. I'm in of this you to the can tell from the of your that you're Why don't you take and get some Look, probably got lot to do. you leave it to me. I'm to do this Let me have the please. If you're to the now, can the whole thing There's no need for you to don't really with you, My is more than of all the It doesn't have to It's more to be out of with Let me have please. the is pretty The has to be suppose you're pretty up about it? Yes, it is. bad about isn't it? Well, that's You know have the for the Is your in me And don't you about it. Well, don't about it. I'm sorry about the Okay, well let's see the way things go from here on. is there anything you? that might for this I'm not your but it's just not I'm not of being Yes, know that. But can you that they were about to You probably know that we found them okay. You know that we the two that you in Not now, I'd like to talk to you about something. understand We'll take care of it. let me have the The is still but it will an of the What is it, to the but think got I'm sorry, but don't think can that without everything that all of you know. you really don't believe it, do you? it's if you want why don't you? Well, what is it? Did they have any for this? Yes, remember you it. got about the same time. I'll you now and I'll see you All right, two ... sure to tell How many until you come Okay, Well, have to go now. Tell that She's in the Where is Mrs. out to the Can speak to When are you coming No, I'm sorry, told you won't be for few Are you coming to my Yes, know that I'm When are you coming I'm at How are you? was working out what this must him up there by and coming back Yes, it they're not This is the first they in for more than told me that they think it came from on suppose it was to or Well, I've heard more and more people talk of an Well, it going back Oh, thank you very Thank you. It's been to meet all of you... Dr. Well, and will look to you. Well, hope that you and your can come to the in No, thank you... and I'm afraid now really must be Are you sure you won't your mind about Well, that does very came on the just long enough to their Well, where are all of you off He's fine. But I'm afraid we don't get to see other very much these Oh, that's such Oh, she's up very As matter of she's And your little Yes, it's coming very suppose you saw the work on our new you were Yes, think so. Just about Well, we go Did you have it really doesn't Well, thank you very much for being so How do you do, Mr. Dr. I'm not to this. This could to our Dr. We should be all the Dr. at the of you on you to may ask you Well, I'm about that. Well, hope the got back You mean you haven't been to get at the for Well, it's just for the two there have been some things at I'm sorry, but I'm not sure know what you Are you, by any going up to your at Well, as it I'm on my way up to the Yes, thank you very Are you quite don't think it but I'd like to that. what's the on that? it been to any before now? Well, not At first would something but then why would But you don't have any as to what it as to what it the the and the How can you tell it was Yes, it The that it was about years Dr. how long do you think this can be under No, of can understand your Well, fine. very and hope you don't mind me Well, I'm sorry about that. wouldn't think there's any for take it this is something to do with the they're up at What do you Dr. if can have word with you about the Oh, thank you. The two have care of me. I'm just fine. We're to in about Is there anything we can do for you? When do we at There's nothing like sleep for Oh, It's the first real sleep I've had for the two All right, We'll take care of it. Let me have the please. Not think there may be in the Do you have any of what is this Let me see the know you but you there was an It like we have another bad My another is All are You are to I'm going out now to the Thank you very time is Is that for going to or tell me the are or How about the We don't know. Yeah, I've been This is three years want to up my the in and won't have to you... I'm I'm you all know. Look, give me you're going to have to for her It's the only thing know. don't give about his don't give who you Maybe better ask see what your off. don't know what the hell you're No, man, think I'll have Maybe you better have And need one more for my Yeah. her an No, not you know, Hey, what about me? He's just you just keep what tell you'll be okay. Maybe that's where I'm gonna your Just do what okay? We'll pay for the and have good Don't you me? It's better when you they let you do anything. never for it in my Maybe after we get with him I'm gonna us some You got real big Maybe you better Now you're See I'll the best in that Then we'll go okay? Hey, don't do that. said wasn't just it think we can do little As matter of think we can have Well, I'll see you ... No, it's gotta be here and now. me. don't have the money for What's the matter with my No, like that. Look, there's the We can go right over You just or Yeah, been waiting three Here you go it my way. Hey, don't you think got any in it Oh ... You're Hey, what kind of talk is that? Excuse me, but if don't get some I'm gonna You In the back. the other He can or ... You let us in and he's got to make it. he You're gonna help us take him. Yeah. in love with who wouldn't You and the other you're still You always were his No time for any of that any I'll your out if you don't hear you've got How about it? Don't give me that shit. You it. said Now the ain't gonna for my It ain't got can't believe it. got got your ... got his got don't think you're gonna make it. get this, gonna What are you talking about? We didn't kill her ... No Jack. suppose stay you get the that you could me? Jack. I'm into from here on in. No, you If ever get word of you over the I'm gonna that of You are an there were more like you out here. That's right. Not my And you're me you don't want any of this It's your money. be here in when you get out. There's to talk Hey, Jack, real don't have to go in for that ... but was Okay, start my Tell me how you were with that You did real time to go and be all on your Yeah. But wasn't there for Well, you got to we come long way. Yeah, and know sure ain't no wouldn't like it if this before it I'll give you shot at it, but is You know, that big it for If we into let me try and talk him in. just back me up. Hey, there she I've got to it with them. If they know I'm gonna know it. What if your out to be they could be in If she's right, and if you don't up. Do get to her Yeah, too They were real nice any one Don't about it. Yeah, but we didn't get we didn't do Jack. feel like let you down. don't know about you, but could use I'll you one. be my to in my own got away. all my money. It just don't right. had it Come on, we'll use it for you back to the Hey, my get here? Yeah. It the last something about that When you been in three it don't take Let's go. can just take her right the to All need is some money for the Yeah, see her. good at your don't Jack ... You sure that's the Forget it. want as bad as you do and got some other for you... Tell me something. Why didn't you just take the money off and So you took the of the Let him get some He's going to need it. Maybe we should pay You ... took to the the I'll be there in You don't your right? You stay with me... Then with the money. if you ever from to then you're all That was in years man. Yeah, most are pretty But since you're the one that in what's that make you? We're getting too ... what's the you been isn't you Look at you, five hundred and you're still What you don't understand don't give about how this thing You know, I'd be if let my go the way you've with this Yeah, it doesn't look like he's gonna make it as If he's that then he's than think he would be already think he's real Maybe give him of your You got very of you gotta in If they don't tell me what need to do you always work people over like you did That ain't That's suppose you'd never be like and let get to you... Oh, does in love make you I'm you the in he wants to be for his girl. If was his and had on my I'd just leave to his man. He's in another think the be enough to know he was being had no the last of know you people went in for look at all the on my in the hell don't he take it to what? just got in You took big this here all this time. You just by it. three Let's hope it wasn't you how got it You're real you know that, In the of lot better than under right? on how things work out. believe in the So you haven't up any You gonna let me keep any of it? You on real Jack, let's talk How much of my money you gonna let me He's after your money. Just tell me about the money. been waiting long time for some money. One for Jack. That's how you'll tell the you'd just call your back to you out one more time. Yeah, right. You want to try Maybe don't like the way you I'm with you Jack you did real good of up of down for the night. You wanna Let me take care of all by you're at it, You can give me the too. of us are with you all the That wasn't got this under My kind of always This don't real with the thought you said and are all it I'm gonna this ... here, I'll even you my don't know what you're talking just wanna see What are you about? I'll tell you what if you you tell the for That's never been one of my Why? that about as much as you do probably can't get it up got two I'm not you got to Hey, you wanna You need five years to and get you But you can it all right, how and can some If they my sure as hell you Now why would wanna do that? This of make us for the we in. Just back me up like you've got It's long used to here few years back. heard him talk about it. Then we had this You have good don't give out the find us an You really do have what's her you? Just get in the and keep your you call on the back at the Yeah, want They off down the Yeah, I'm too. know of Let's go We when say we of my is to Yeah, my for you. And didn't get you out so you could go on Do you know how was to getting some And you it up. We're on the Let's go. As they If you let him he's gonna right to and him. you, He's gotta take that call ... if there is one. think you better put him on man. What do you think? to try it Hey, this pretty good. Just me the got whole thing about people at me. I'm you to the and this Jack, need to talk to this man. ain't the don't want you shot ... not before you been help to me. Your enough to take shot at me? may call you than that. Then you about? At you don't give It to be my Just an man, don't mean can and me Jack. was of the It like you it off one of the No way to start You just don't get it, do your There isn't any own your Hey, no way. Take off the or no You got the never to me. don't need to hear your already got that care it may be little out of You know, got for with the We're supposed to be after not of What are you about? This It I'll think about it. It's the only way you're gonna get got lot to What's the big about you on the can But you gotta get me here work out that way. He out with big They two on you is in He's gonna be there two years after I'm on the Not Maybe just need some You here to my life And let's talk in okay? I'm my back to Where the do you think you're Just you say it with don't mean to me... How you gonna take to He's got more and more in one of his than any I've didn't have the time. Don't the Why didn't you call in for of You get to him? The was about away. They As as they How did they get I'll keep it in not to get your shot to We got enough dead on this one. You really know how to guy out with He to go. pretty well for me so got You might be more of and little of on this Jack. Yeah. It me when get hurt I'm don't like it. Hey, the got my want it back. want to be left on this one. was killed with my guess when two on of your fuck up you want to keep it as as Are you gonna tell me about Do me don't give me of your you're supposed to The doesn't it, That's what you I'm not to take your He was in some off Why the hell didn't you tell me That of from the wants you to call him. Okay. See you in the you know, you to get some got to for I'm out. How about you? came in for me No look like it. So do long One of in the think wanna have about it with any of the still Can we find Tell me that's not the same ... He was in on the same They all of with about years Who are all man from the with few years and him from the This guy must have had like Jack. Now he's got I'll help you out. last of it. The big was Is that what this guy had in the ... he's gonna call me... He ... he wants me to help him think her. Now tell us something we don't know, like where they her. and got my Who fuck what you think? You just took shot at me, think you do know where he is. seen him for That's the sure ain't his now I'm looking for is That's what always He's care of the same I'll be care of as off. I'd my back never Yeah, all the time is real but it I've been waiting long time to hear you say that. You make one and wants to be your You know guys to this. they take it back at What do I'm just Oh, well look where you came when you were down and out. Hey, Come on, They wouldn't go see some old When guy you, then comes back on his and who he might just be Come on, they were little old for What you think they were or as you so put it, Jack, it's all over the He's an But this How do you No of No of the I've been No no We and my here have been it on the for the last few can see that. me for but you look like shit. What We've had night. to have you and your friend Hey, don't believe it. Elaine, gotta put you on What was that? The ... what's the No, it's I'm just you No you're so I'm at Where This is not the way people who care for other are supposed to it if you think I'm about it, you're just gotta take care of few okay? get that. The me, get it. don't like it. Here it comes ... the Look, Jack, if you make everything your you'll into bad It's not way to Look, me the about your Jack, are you okay? Yeah, it must have been Yeah, one of my people to know who think you this. him his and Yeah, for some I'm You sure you want me That's the way see it, too. You know Jack, you really are When you start with that it's like don't know who you Maybe you don't know what the hell you're talking Maybe that nice That's way to start Maybe would if knew when you were coming back. Maybe you to me one. What you think have any at my Tell to hear it. Hey, you know what really think? If this is your of in my I'll take you the one that all is all over ... You are who you you are you're the that for you. guess he got the his with the shot of and I'd just him. Then to the guy in the me What's wrong with that? That's the way see it, too. Hey, you're right. still don't think it's This is the most in the You gotta ask yourself just one Are you don't think your What am wanted for? Hey, two with him is How would you I'm not so sure can say the same don't look like heard lot about you. And any friend of is friend of Who the hell are you? What do you want? What do you want? What's What the didn't do anything. We'll you. Take it We got lot to talk Hey, they're not even What are you about? said wouldn't hurt her. Let her go. Come on, you can me. can't get it until No! Don't kill her. can get you the money. Don't give me this, we were of about you better about me... You want that to her don't know what you're want the what do you think? The money that want? thought you were I'll got your money to you. No you. You got no right for this kind of and take it. Don't with me. How This is shit. No and never been It's got some in here. How about some I'm looking at You want to go can't to be your in No, I'm not of But we don't have the of You know where they The the Where is it? is one people with the you is quite by little in in you and are in the same you so comes from Look at this No thank you. You are so Let me I'm here to All you want to do is it. Why? What's wrong with me? it did know where the were would never tell like you. they are of no to me, I'd have so tell me... on do the you? I'm you got your Because you're going to need Where are the remember you so nice to see you That's what I'm And you don't know how they is that what you are Yes, of The are They have to be for it to There's no You told me there were supposed to be of Don't tell me you don't know how all this Have you the When is she not in Yeah, to the but right now all want to do is You're probably very with me and quite But want you to know I'm for to your so you can the What are you We have to the What kind of We're not going on on Is that the way go on It without my Excuse me! Just one She said something to me don't really get know. was there when she She's you just some had very long might call to up on you to see if she's Yes. That's Thank you very thousand Thank you so much for your help They all like this in your So you do know her. There's not to her up, but be about it! This is most She Who are you? She in on me... this. That's me. But don't know who she where did you find her? She's not my she's my She's looking for this to the he here. are one down. Excuse me, I'm looking for This is now. You to go and get some What are we going to do? Thank you, Mr. to to to For all But what if of it is who here? Is there anything that can it? We have the time it to to our is of no Mr. life is Your is but don't think we have time to go into it right One more to first There's not to You're all be to It's all my I'm the It's my the with Mr. the real one. Good my Now all we need is way to get there. got it! here we need to know about and of the didn't know your know she's been but the don't have much our The last years that she She's been out of you know. sure There's the on her You sure she's the The the is here, in our It's will you what's going can't these This for have to the They with me... I'm sorry, the would like to have in the last time to her ... never saw her again. don't have need to know. don't We know it Do you love her? I'll help but think you should tell me where the The The Your You're good She was right to have you... don't suppose you got the of just how big was this waiting all here. In your See you How many you got left on your I'm now, not You who next to you for thousand know how you don't need one. just found of you. don't want just want one. one. You still for that two Forget her. There are out there. At the comes back. Oh, still your to the real was talking to the love you too but you haven't me that since Hey, Do you have something I'm sorry, it's just was told to you up so You're not that Come on we'll get you to It there's one thing don't need on, it's how to We will be is of no only life is as do, that could take When comes to We will Will the be now from this Take them and put them in Have you yourself been out your on the for the last If I'd I'd know about it. would have me. You just you in for get it! You want to make me is that it? I'm you talking about? than You all right? Are you to me, you I've been for years I've been those You're the know in this know how to the on this You have left on your How you doing this then like this. Look, you did something that it off. to Tell me what you to didn't do What did you say? What did you do? your is and It's and time for the in for another don't even know what I'm looking It's like isn't it? You know how to this I'll be right back. Like can have of your time here? Maybe we be what do you think? We got to find the don't without to the One to the right. You don't do what I'll you it? got and What about your Tell me about your What was he don't think this is good Oh, Do You me right, man. Tell me all about your your your I'll take you to the after that, you're on your didn't come here to on the So and give yourself that it get any better or of us will never in but got no only take Let me up another and I'll be back. thought you were What is it? One want to stay the only one left are the best You come up with something little more You have the and to For Here are your I've had enough good for Don't you your You're the only one left Of all the of your you were the most Just why me? Where have heard this Why would you need me? Yes, you need you. than you can up But don't know I'm like to other but never to have one of my You're right but there are of good What's the use of when you see what you do with You can sleep come It's up to you now, know all that, I'm talking about the The We have to How does it told you not to all that hundred you is used to Why? We did pretty wouldn't you say? I'm so very The you're looking for in the you won't be You're nothing but And you can't with me told you need to work in need to No, not at just the you're I'm going to see the What's the Do look you know there's lot of You get that off the You know five more than Here we go Do you know how we say know how to say me how to say that's all Now it's your your you have to You in five you can't everything from it's better to ask someone who has But isn't the word here, Not to find the You hear that? Good good in one for you and How someone like you from Is good I've never that wasn't bad Not going to You gotta the little You know you could hurt someone with this thing it's not Don't fuck with me man or I'll you into It's an to you. Mr. Mr. let me you to who the We put it the The is for of better Is there any kind of The of his are the same as there are more of them His is probably can't to meet him. like of to me. This is like It has like it Have you it? This is all that How much time is They just in the Don't have the one. want your best man on And the Did you find them in the to the They the but our I'm about Mr. What's going Did you it? My Mr. is first ask don't like Not only thing we know is it just getting What you are is you don't know what There are no from the and as of all the are have to the in Just the can hear you, Mr. but can't see you do you me? Then let us to your Here am going to be too here you must be it in the most the find in you the all the of the the the us from they already know I'm not at the I'll you new one to the Yes, Mr. hear you how was the that? Can you hear me better now? can't to be you. The will be here. I'll see to it just I'll have the you for any time now. But it wasn't My have Do you have the now Mr. Maybe can get you on my and see you at not at Where are you? just to her. She in her sleep three It was in the She's all I've She's the only Who are you What was supposed to think to don't know what to say Look where we Look at yourself. You of you don't have any what you're me I'm not going to let anything to us. No, because you're not me You me an You can't me like this. You're What was supposed to think? don't know. I'm Why haven't you Why don't you your It has to be this way for now. It won't be can't tell you, You know You have to me... What's going on, What I'm I'm okay. Are you What to you? Just do it, go. ... What's going What's Are you just Take and get out of the Do it now. Go to and stay Where have you it's me. very I'm not gonna need it. won't even it. It's Don't about me. It's long I'll give it two two at then I'll be back. We'll take you can't know what I'm It's better that way. This is the This is money. out of so we're next I'm not him for anything. He was You have here You're not the same guy who to it? I'll call the You think you'll have time for the this You better not be that's all can was fine. I'll tell you you pay me enough to down there. We've been all that. I've been on my best Okay, believe you. Well, I'm not okay? I'm not you... Your of it. What's have you been Do you know how much you? There ain't no such thing as Why don't you fuck You know where can get it? have lot of money to What you see is what shit. get one Because just fucking me and fucking it me, you that's Why are you me with What are you talking about? just got two some says he about the What do you want? How will keep you I'll get it. It's in in the the or we kill him. He doesn't know he's got nothing to do with Can you guess what I'm going to say Look, he's got nothing to do with let him You remember Mr. don't you? up, Do as or I'll put this your Look, don't know what the the very Take out your What are you... would you be so kind as to any from your Oh, the They're just What are these for? They should be here any Where are the He's in. It will be his I'll do this for you. thousand are two of Thank you for your time. hope we can do You me to keep your but not to take your You have the way the it. I'd like to take your You don't We can do that. He might be but it would mean another five If it's not there's no And the other it has to be that you the man in the want to you That's five thousand Yes. What we're looking for is You said something about money. I'd like to I'm of What can do for you It's an to meet you. Thank you for us. You got the kill us is that it? things You might want to this, Mr. You're dead man. the take the yourself to the Is that him? It's good what you're You're gonna be lot of me. You're sure you don't Well, that's all can do. They were pretty they didn't want this coming back on them. can give you my if your want to call me... They're in of this and want to hear their even if that's all they I'm not so sure about this. Why don't they come to me? For thought you might be more Why not go to the or Of course I'll by you but I'd if you'll hear me There are for the way we do things here. What I'd very is to your now understand this isn't something you do for What can do for you, Mr. What do you want? You want me to to my and start like That's right, you just there and because you like you enough for you. don't ... out there me where you her. You can't go to the All you can do is me and because you got it out the it in the What did you do with her saw you her What do you want to You saw it, you saw the Tell me what don't know. like it. never saw get Because we're going there. me where you did it, on the where you did it. want to know. want to know what you did to What the fuck do you want from me? What did you do, her her It was lot of fucking money. That's That's all it took for you to her? thousand that fucking How much did he pay you? him you could get him Yeah, the fucking will never get of you, so you might want to your told you, don't know. What do you want? you find me here? Don't me with that I'm gonna kill you. One How much did he tell you he What's he talking about? What the fuck are You that years Who is this. know what you did. know what you did. Get some where the still have in their fuck you. The only thing wrong is the you're Where do you get this Maybe there's something wrong with the coming into your ever think of that? You know how my this up. Go me. Then try to with my all over the You'll get it when we get there. You went over your Because he He did it because he What other were you looking for? Why did he of some girl getting man like Mr. all his all his man who everything there was to You're making me very was you money to have her that was her her. you're with them. They're no of me... must have out when you saw me in on your mind how found you. have you for you to had to have yourself real nice of money. That's Mr. me have been for man of his You were the am right? man wasn't about to go for Yes, do have something to on being here as as heard Mrs. you. It's money. use it to and don't want to tell me what you're I'm to that out have to see without his me as much as it me, but I'd be to know if had to be or What kind of would be if didn't go with you? You don't need to be here. Who is his told you, he's one of Who is this, in the Who is It's and people know to mind their own What have you got for me? Oh, come on, man, what are we doing in this You didn't say it was gonna be this it. up you Get I'll call back. You want me to come out there and Take I'll pay you hundred Well, I'm in New now. What do you say to out and me He all of other into his he's making it's always Like if some wants to see in getting an from Where does he it? His comes out of New and not for the making have thought it? he's like the of supposed to be real you have and waiting for you in what are you doing up in all this? see on your You have any What about me? You're me it doesn't get to you? You just me as enough to be doing something I'm not up in What are you talking about? don't mean any but what are you doing up in all this? don't know, where are Where are your How old are you? What other are there to get Who do you heard you That guy wasn't you There's no such See you Oh, don't call me get off at my if you need When can you hundred off the How much do you make now? from What are you doing out here? You're not are you? If ask and you you have to tell me. There's not much What's your if you don't mind me How long you been working Good for you. don't know what you're looking but so we're from the I'm need some you might be to back for that right? you you get out of the and then where would want to yourself in of your off the and this one You know how it is. What are you really to believe that got any you it up you can't put it down. Well, it's but no My me have to do more Can you in If you have and I'll tell you how to it. How will get it to you? I've got about five thousand left in but I'll need another if you I've I'm in few more into I'll to you and give you an more than Have you any for me? hope it's nothing I've been into The says I've the or some other don't know if the Are you How are you? any You're one hell of Mrs. You told me to so it to me the like we No You this up all by Do you think the could have that To the one in these five from five they one Okay, you so The were for I'm not this anything. My never with money not It won't work like that. You don't have any other told you not you need to go to the Of course. I'm it's nothing to Will you it and see for I'm you it's not that. If you were to it you'd see the you'd see the they can It's of girl being Do you want to tell me what you You someone to it. I'll the that. when can tell me to. than that, there's never any Do you Mr. I'll do can to His has left me something of As you know, my Two now. You are for your your to I've been to for people Have Will you have Mr. has something he he must say before you and try to be. They Mrs. I'm It after she away. She's been dead all this why are you doing this to me... They killed and they took her out in the and they He her he her up with They her into the one man, he put to her and he Who are you? some they took your and they and they took her to they did things to Mrs. your is dead. She's dead. She went to to she wanted to start She wanted to be an What are you talking Mrs. It's Do you was there few about your think about it time the still think it's her. You were right. didn't find anything. I'm going to and get something to Are you My never on her. She would have told me... she would have told me... Will you let me how can you say that to No. You don't have any to think don't know. think so. Do you think the did good There wasn't one. The I've got what need for my There there is one thing that me You should be. We're all like that. take of your time. Maybe we can I'll call remember me from the Can you me back now? No one what it's You can't even how much it You try going what we did. take it, that's there's when it still like can't You have to me, but in these with your there any any of It got to be too much for him. Why do you think he did it? We were by he was with If there's anything you feel talking tell me, but have to Your he What was she she didn't leave She never any where she might before she didn't think there were on They you. You're told me call and let you know to me. He didn't What was the I've got it here Mrs. my I'm I'll do what you to keep this all this That's her had it, you me her What is this? I'm to find out. She was I'm looking into it for her Do you know what to her? Yes. remember her. you do? You're will you take another make If can ever be of Yes, thank you. The you'll find my in the If that's He's an to my but what can you do? No, he is not. Yeah, know the If you could it, I'll be on my thank you. No, you may not. Okay, I'll take it Then we'll stay up We'll it out. can't go back to sleep again. Yeah, or you into It It's it might help me stay Hey, since when do you This like can't find him. the work for you heard you it bad and last night. you think you can say Just do what do. Look, you gotta up for yourself. to back. But she wouldn't let me like that. Yeah. be as as you. don't want to. The You can't see yourself in it. Don't you think it kind of the You'll hear all of tell you it was but it When used to have my in to help me. they all When they're all you you an you so much about you have to about some you're in you wouldn't to know his No it's The of It was like my when was up. like to me. My me when was Did you ever hear of the You could do love to just about my Yeah, I'm not so I'm sure they're Have you seen and can't find them. can't find them Here you Where were you this looking all over for you. was up all for this and was this little Then you saw You've been up all am dead on my know. have any time to gotta get to the before it it for Come She's like the What the hell was that? wrong here. It You know, get the been this He's going after gotta him. It's we're just about there. As long as your doesn't kill us. that out. Maybe but not now. want to help you. I'm on your You just feel sorry for me. Hey, you're not alone. We have to I'm with you. He's going after gotta him. Then what else can we do? Yeah, right. Let's by for life in won't see it. They Why can't we just talk to the You don't really get it. He's not take more than to him. don't think so. guess this is my own Is there something we can do? let's this whole thing is Why does all of need you? How long have you been The the you can't No or but it's kind of to Look, you know you just don't believe me. I've been working really got to her. No, to him and now she's was there in the He took her. It was It was It was no It was not an It was and he's coming back for and thought it was an in Tell him was looking for okay? I'm after with She wasn't very You're his right? saw it. It was my old has She was gonna be her time. is think more in than just them. What You ever look over this Not to be if I'm your back. She's for know how it I've been about Maybe it, if I'd How she into her last night. She knew she was gonna man, we're all Now it She says he comes back in If he you you're dead for It off lot of to they him him She told us the of It's He was who was on Let me talk to you. don't get it. Excuse me, I'll just be you've just me. Take that to your we went over this in What's wrong with me? You're just Don't think haven't your not That has to the matter with the told you you can't This isn't I'm It's We're with you. It's no just It's his home. He's waiting there for I'll tell you It's no It real and he's back. was just an old Now you know who and what really is. Oh He killed What is it? When like it's wrong with the You don't get it, he's after me... You just stay You need gotta get out of here. Yeah. guess What You're not my We know you've been lot but there's more than your at here. What are you talking about? My In your we're about your -- And It's our Look, what you're but He is my What what? Well, I've thought about it. to keep him. we what you to do with our He says it's with It's where he out. That's how he found me. What do you He's you, where he Come on He won't hurt you. He us My with the Who says don't like you? Who said what? sure that's not I'll she's very about you. would be. She doesn't want me don't think this is nice for you to be. Maybe we should go find your Is that who you're waiting for? you don't look very Are you all right? could tell you were just wanted to see if you were all right. How did you know that? I'm sorry your got It's in in my you be in your There you go. you. You don't him up, he can't hurt you. me. us. You it didn't you? It was probably just bad No. Well, not like wasn't in For the first time that. I'm up. what's really didn't see my at the Okay, What's the They're but the in It's gonna be No! won't have you in the of the night. You're coming home. I've got to go. No, I'm not. of hope it's nice to have in the again. You in me? my little girl when are you such How was the he's coming coming back. them I'm so sorry, It's just the You sure you don't want to Where are we It's the you've been up wanted you to have it for your That's in the you've going to the from the want to you, know. that kind of was afraid you That's okay. He's got the of his life to up on his He sure to stay You do good But how are we gonna -- We've got to get to before it's too If they to her. You think that's the she's that's him. And you're not That's the only you're all of us had any sleep since it, You don't just from this He you in your And so is your You've got more than just yourself to think of am your and I'm about you. you're like You've gotta start with just can't out how he's getting in when I'm really think you need to down now, okay? I'm not him to you his Oh, love you but you're going to have to get of think to do something to it. You had me on the What's wrong with the Why don't you two to No to all of you about It was just an Like with When you even You said so. of What's that got to do with it? They're waiting for let's keep this you and me. He up from the just what was wrong with him. There any little on your Have you the little on my the one who kind of it's no I'm dead. Yeah, before they his Good to see you Mr. I've got to go find No, the was you up on that girl. kind of long night. Hey, what's wrong with you -- let's see She killed gonna be in They never did put her But I've seen her They it. No off is bad for They think I'm Then we'll find another way. do that, He's my last with want him. I'm going to see what else can find out about Mr. Where are you down. you gonna from guy like that, leave the Why don't go make some There's lot to Tell me some more about this It wasn't her The only we're still here is that of us has since the Maybe it was her who killed with all that shit. Do you think I'm an being in love with her? She at the thought about that. I'm very fucking sorry, but is dead we you in someone want to talk to you guys about Yeah. I'm just are you okay? That's why it's my dead. I've got to some of this down. Well we gotta do My got this thing about in the come on. One with me? Not to the of think I'm to her down. Have some don't believe All that you in the and you're Oh all without looking at that. He's right. feel like I'm with You know my -- get What about That they Let's just at your me And no Oh, what's that? Yeah, when are you gonna come to your All of us. or that wants to hurt you have to go us can make you more than want to talk about the I'm to be on in you going Have another like you need it. That they're gonna give me the to the so can up when I'm All right tell you what we're gonna do. I've got until you look like things are What do you think? He me to his last night. can't to this. And he's with him -- pretty good You've been And his We'll give won't But if they Maybe just when their doesn't not to come here, after is the one we have to about? They're so the But now any more than being the of You mean is for? You're really you? That may be. But where and I'm said it. But won't You are all you? who doesn't to think like little What did you I'm of he's much He's left the My He's not Your This came for you. What is it? You could someone And they thought could the It was be all right. But it was out of the his coming How is he It was supposed to be. had two should have when heard that thought it was your What's on in here, What Here keep It wants me to come alone. We'll have to look for them Where do you think the you heard was coming You hear that? Let's get back to and we And if didn't better I'd we were You know it you know It's getting in you didn't hear it. Go back and tell Dr. Have him to the think you're right. How about The but she right up. You all here. I'm going take and can take the it the and You've got to let us -- Look at the like it! from and One I've seen it, all right. Have you ever to to see his lot of people think like that. guess before you at the didn't might have like You've why stay There the best What could be than little At the is little has for two to her home. Now So they up with you, But nice and I've seen you She But the dead. their be Take and -- You better take and with you -- of came out of the and our to be all Is there any way out of it? Get We off as as all the We're dead in the But it we're Why do you say that? The have been out in the could you take look Excuse me, there may be one Now they feel That's they can the so we can We you! Go They're the It's with As as we I'll to the There is. believe our is to There's got to be an As we the What does the The from the it's If we were enough to him with his such way as to his to it as you put his The is the of the of all the on by of Maybe does it on We took for his of was But suppose it isn't at all what if it's What if the were to be there waiting our is Then this be the next will And of in It doesn't but could it be an What's the to the we can do, now. to the at If we could get the use our we could the there's an of some And we're at It's the At our in they're the right to the hundred and We can't be that But what can we You're sure it's think should have the What do you think? be all right. We're old I'm afraid have some bad for you, You'll have to this you were going to To won't you have see your Of course. But it is time to the -- That's why no when we you? It is When you would say it the want you Why not me? What am the am afraid not. Your friend was to where he My is to and the most for Tell me Why can hear you, when the of is To of life is as we to you. your And come here All right go to it. will have to at the to his But are what we need not more We've that over and over thousand You the course of Then that's we get Just about our and the of were the of who the by Well, I'll be My will you to your He found out. They had to get of him. And get What is the This is from three years As of yes. know he's for the last two was of it when the comes in. No. Have you out the on your You don't believe me? things are than you Let me ask you Jack told the he could be by the time he's my You know Jack the work the who got him. This is than you and are used to. What I'm talking I'm talking about other think there's some going on in this Well, you don't mean to I'm sorry about your It was nice Yeah, Why? got this got few things me, like But I'm okay. my into it. You take and You got yourself He can't me. already did that this Yeah. know about that. Just tell me when you'll have it The good is we haven't got to your The bad -- What are you up You might be better off as well as to just go for the -- How how much will the whole thing I'll need You can it. No, not I'll look at the see if we can get it your right? It pretty don't it? It would help if there were some or on the of your to the It would help if you were if there was someone at you up the with everything she wanted her to like me. just want to be good That was me. You can't off. Maybe can him off. gotta talk to What are we gonna do? He's on to No, of course not. Just say it, that's don't need no do Not he never me. You see it? You heard the You only got little if you want your hundred shit. one. your Mr. I'll The only me and that on is to come out of New since You for the We'll the next And you'll get your hundred You understand what I'm want dead not or You take care of your I'll take care of You think so. You might not kill it. If you get it? Tell you You get me to big by there's another hundred in it. much with that It's not enough not for the No What do you mean got I'm as as you. Why don't you now, you want out so of this fucking This in the I'm fucking out of here. He sure as hell sure as hell won't be it again. Let's get the fuck here. You're not making any man. You seen him get know you did. What the fuck you me, never seen the guy get told you that. him do it? Well, didn't see him do it. Like never seen man shot Not even in the be something. Who the fuck or something. just heard the go off. gotta make to and was just that's he do, to you get the The guys him up. You him up That's got his on. Yeah, go if you him. The get without me. Like you and he's always got some He wants to keep I'm his you get the He's from You're first thing in the first of I'll for something. -- have Don't be such know you got but got We're You wanna thought told you to that you for -- Where's that you were on hell of time in there. of fucking Don't mind if do. Okay, let's go want to go home. Not I'm nothing That's you know. want to go home. don't know. For the just you know, on like we used to. What are you sorry for? Okay. So we'll get what you What do you want? know what I'm in You can't have We need Mr. What do you we can always And Your What do you say? won't let me You know that. It's bad for you. Yeah. My in the be fine. Are we going in this? I'm you're here. Can you stay for That's with me too. When tell her I'm up here. Where do you to for her? with the other isn't good She won't be here for you can it that That's all you got to say? told her wanted to come home. don't be at me. Yeah. Yeah, right, I'm you tell for knew you'd be Come and get you! It's way. Why didn't you talk to me about it because want to go home. She said come and get me. You Just now? don't want to be here. Don't love you, do. But want to go home. You are home. There are of you still know here. No didn't see know. No don't want to go to here want to go home. want to go home. don't like it here. It's not that. Why? Why not? You know these from when you went to here. It been that don't want to. Go on, of those you still know. No. She doesn't talk about you No. didn't used to be No sir. Where do you get this your just think you used to be What are you talking about? you did of bad It's not now. I'm and gotta to all the people I'm not You But it's not now. To us it Did you do that when you were Why do they do that? don't They're out. are still They're still out. is it then if it's not You're the one in You don't you get it? He's you. You're his Jack, don't you see that? you're Let me have the Don't that in here. I'm That was before was he that wasn't out right after the shot Let it go. it to me. He say anything about the to give him? wouldn't it. saw in here this I've been You don't get enough here and it's time we things What do have to do for it? and have him up the what you pay me? You ever think of getting new about the long My is going out again. You remember you from You're now? How you up, It ain't if that's what you You want me to them to That been that was You ain't the Jack is. And he can't the shit. you I'd be of my on that fucking you of Jack. He more than just shot in the or something. That's what Yes, mean out that You don't know how bad or heard that. Not Jack. He's it off. All you heard was there was some We got to get got to get up there. How would you We'll take my That's what love about You know Get the Go out Don't let get to you. She didn't here. That's why she I'm not that. You don't want the What am -- You me, you and your At the In his hurt some I'm gonna his His killed me. took it. out with you the was coming down. Take the this It's coming down here just in time. Go in Maybe you'll We're looking for the And the And the most And the best of as what? What have It's bad to want to see your own You make me can't believe you've so there. be right out. Is there on the up in We've all our No, not It's it's too You ever come to your Don't No to any Don't make it any don't want her to Oh, will you? It like you've this fucking so off for you went off for few with your Is that with Where is she now? Is she in the with your still don't understand -- know who it is. Did you get his Did you see that in the He killed Are you What was Why were you Don't to me. You're me, can see that. heard you You got this didn't you? It's my My fucking can't even think because of it. What on is to you? Why are you this let's go home. got don't know for The here. like since the Are you sure they're Did you just want to up my For the It won't take Don't you think it's for to his girl to his Did you tell That we were I'll think about it. You've been -- I've been about it, that's guess you have to. Don't you do you still think it's good to this thing -- just now? making like it. It's nice to see that in You knew me as can see what you like as But not now. No. Not for money. if me -- was pretty up, you know. You wouldn't have anything like that, shot someone for money. Jack wouldn't kill for it. who would pay him? money. guys like and that of like that. Jack doesn't need money. How can you even think such Why would Jack do that, on I've been if Jack shot of I've been Jack shot him on I'm I'm it didn't the way Jack says it did. heard he was at last and got in with He off without There's something about that There's about it, of than But be in few Yeah. mean that. You don't mean that. I'm going to start one of those don't give fucking shit. You you and and She went back to I'm sorry about what Don't can my give me You two want to do anything and need give me okay? I'm off. Okay. She's fine. me it was her. of me. When did she Maybe should take look at it. Your would you do that? It's There's an in the You're not it Have you been the Not just with the your fucking know. too. Don't give me Mr. I'm just -- Don't ever put your on me, Mr. you was then What the hell are you talking about? Mr. when come all the way to don't call for an Oh, No, it's it's No big Well, just had little to with Mr. I'm the Mrs. Thank you. Well, yes, want to say that I'm real sorry about your Mrs. He's We were up very I'm was is your here? Who are you? No, he's out now. on the I'd stay from him if were you. He's real He got his Well, guess -- that's what he His You mean my old you hear that? The shot That's what it Not on Not since last night. He took guy was only there's something wrong with that's The fine. What it says is I'm not It's good good for you, good for the too. The It like it's wrong or something. It don't look right. You be of that little He's to get in your you know. don't know you. My and don't know you. in the fucking to Not fucking My my my -- You and me. you know is from me. it what you What the fuck do you know about You it! Like man it. it right. love you, you mean You don't know me. You don't know me! So fuck you. you. you -- know you. Yeah, you know you. You're fucking of my You think you can take me now? Come on, it's no big thought she was this she Why didn't you call and have the Is there something wrong with the We're Your You want me to get her? How you and seen you in for how can you the like that? Where's What was that? You got something to say it! it! Just do it. in work and You'll thank me for this one off that know what it I'm just out of to use it. That's what you Well, never heard that one. And and took you to the and told him you from the have to go in to ask him. It wasn't me. wasn't but heard about it. When heard about it, it was about You think wouldn't remember thing like that? It may have but not the way you Of course it Why would about it? to you, but don't think it was about that you told me, about and the out of the and care about what The I'm of right, Don't you care what's right? So wouldn't want make the He wants an Yeah, the guy with the told you didn't don't know. You tell me. They wouldn't with guy like Jack. Who else if is pay him that kind of Not the They got their own You gotta have Well, your Jack Then who shot him? That it wasn't an think your first to the was the one. to know what think guess it was an like new about the want to let the out. don't want the and he's always now. we'll the Well, do you still to get What about her? What about Is her? to in with nothing to do, No, Not I've but haven't you already of that? get to like some and some I'm going to back. it. Don't think about it. You're You know, of was of getting Maybe you can help me. up She was supposed to for the for She wanted to go home. The before the was here. In They were out right? Jack probably heard the go then came back and found the Well, it was an You think Jack shot him? He was to for in New and the come out Jack and the get for it. it's know you're probably at but I'm in We got There was something. It up your way. I'm sorry was so mean to you You said the same thing to You're right and I'll tell you know how you That's not really the Your never to be When my think I'll an to the No, it's okay. he is the right? He's in He can't be know, It was You're We'll talk about this just this give it Don't you even want to I'm sure he's You don't want to say to your Well, you the It's not like he us few You are man, Mr. He didn't leave us. It would be to such That's the way of the little one. they you that in The you She was my Yeah. Do you know what the word for your of your Tell me, do you know what the word you little one. That's good for girl your You're one of No, thank you. The did that. You must be you up. Okay, I'm us down. It's got you. got you. You're okay. Oh my my How for the old man. It was the of Hey, you guys back then again. If they don't them down. We will not be The says it is does not have the of The would not look on us if we shot down They are in our We would be our It's some kind of in to our Yes. They to course and the would not our Did we them The say they are they are The the then out. Okay, it's on. We've got some here. it There should be it up. Do you see the we got up here. think it's too. man. You're up pretty bad out here, sir. Do you have any No. We're and my not Just stay on my sir. I'll take you all the way in. we got here. We still got three and more on the way. Okay. We're gonna one to the right. it? Two and three are the I'm doing what He's being dead. Mr. it's an Now with your can we you the fuck out of here. That's and There's nothing to do, call the got no They can't the their are and they're This doesn't make if you have make it. the is not something that your mind when you're making We don't know that. He's dead They must have killed him. in the back in. The is it's just an I'll make some from isn't as as we thought be. is working on it last night. It was good sir. To you in as The What on for? If tell our that they are to won't it. they're already in on this or think we're If our are to that they are on Like any good they're over their to and to They still have the it's their and they haven't What do you think it Okay. want you to put our in on and have the But they start in We've got before they make it into Can we do that? your have anything to Mr. says it like the My was never to my You're to what? The you doesn't Because it is my You do this? course to and to thousand this is We have been to your the can probably get us to or Where are we now? Not even we can't even make or We're not going to make it. We've but only got about of Take and your It's the only You better get down there of you'd be than They're to us. why did they do that? It must be. We the was Who did this? The of the this the of the We've already been do you have the One the of the the One has been good. Thank you, You're at me. How are your I'm for for the And what is it you do, tell me your I'll let you guys get and we're I'll be to the some have other The one up as an And all these here? guess it on your The and were that we could you. Now if you're all You can me So nice to meet you in You're very And our so many You got what you You going to us now? You can kill me but leave my alone. The is such and we can't always our You will be the first to pay for that will there be. My does not with by the She's right here. So is this. Come now, you're the little one. How can you? mean they're do what is Why? Do you it? Do you have to be so Your is He the to man from his in the of the night. My is very man. know he left you What do you know of my you will do Mrs. But your Your on the other or he please. What do you want with will keep you one who is not afraid is to do something and to No you You'll like If you put down the not to her on the way down. Let my go or I'll take you One thing I've as The of is Yes, I'll do it. Just leave my alone. You'll do it? This does not with She isn't of this. This is you and me. No. But since only have few of your left to will start with your Now since had very little getting or to if you would be so I'm sure we can some of the and we'll you for Yes. You've yourself quite We have an the off and it as she You heard me. and only the is on the are they're in the we stay with the I'll not going without my thousand sir. And two hundred it's Get come with me. and good of time looking for My only out of We can't from here or at this But if we could get out tell the We've already our There's no back. Mr. the few away. How do you getting us from here to Tell our to their don't need for me. The are with our and our are just to took this one at What you see here is the of two You haven't even since you took What are you I'll be back. don't start with me. don't know why you ask the of to your Look on the here I'll be one Well, they me in That's always good How did your This isn't to should that Because you know the are still waiting for that I'll make it up to you, it were that But that's the We're right here. you. And her. You know what? How do you know she You haven't more than five with or me, in She's big girl. She don't have time for this. know when feel it. No, Mr. It speak to you for you could be that should give you Where are we it? No. thought about this, Mr. No good. said they the Mr. You're going to get yourself Is that your But this is sir. You're the You know my We don't with If we start now, all of and if that Then tell me there's They're still but the to start in Did they say anything about my We're it, sir. Thank you for the Look don't have time for Just put if you're the your You don't This is an Let me talk to the does not call this So you are get before have this call Don't me off. This is an This is the who can say is This is an call from Is the How may your five They should be here any How it been since you sir. We're over Where the hell are My think that was never Where's my and Mr. how the hell did you get on Okay. Hey, you'll tell me all about it right? Mr. they're for you in the and in the in one want to the You give me We'll just say it was in bad said it's not the please. Did we the the of the this on You can't to leave that It's Don't take it. I'm Do me and keep me from the We could always put you in with The love that. might still have few He and the don't like the No, I'm fine. What did the say? You wanna of always if my would come in said give us They thought the was nice in love with this Forget it. was told you, leave the in to the and the how your in are going to take this one. That just doesn't make any That's right, just just it was that get to the The on the are under lot of from the And what do the on the know about Let talk to them. Forget it. The on the want that to go on we know the another of Do you people right when you... you know. What is it, it did. Mr. can ask you Did you feel that? You better take this. You better on it, Mr. I'll stay here and the I've got an in You better it, We to have in sir. the just came off in my We've the course guess you'd have to be not to be afraid at time like this. Not when I'm with you, The will that thing to over like on What will to That's right -- If this we just might make it. was to now. That might be the been waiting just want you to know, love you and always Well, Elaine, this might be it if those guys on the don't think of something. That was very well mean until we start to up. Ted, only got Elaine, I'm going back there. Just that and try to this of as best you Ted, there's no time to Elaine, what's going Ted, not going to kill There's something wrong with this know the That just the of the I'd use the word What would you say if told you the just up in my The word is -- very What word would you I've never used the word Then you think I'm Ted, get on yourself. You should never have left the We can't go back. We had something very but it's all Elaine, we have to go back. don't know why you got on this don't know what you're to I've got it, I've out what's wrong with the What are you have to get in there. have to this don't want to hurt you. That's the way want it. Just the on and go. If that's the way you want it. No Just go. His He's been here that's all he And when are you going to Ted, that your is the most thing right now. He been the same this make you feel lot Elaine, what to Ted, please. You're just making things for yourself. You're as bad as the of It's all here in the It's all Let's just the two of us. I'll make just the way you like it, with There's nothing wrong with me! Ted, you're You've been yourself into the mean the It's not you know Ted, the have already out. It's got to be That's not now, We have to -- last that of was only this Is he making any The is an Is that good You can be with He's been working out lot of his here in the You can and take What can do, So you our isn't any by to that he's to get after told him about what are you didn't want it to like this. We can be You'll out there. Your What about the of those people out there. what to the man thought We're and the is down. He to It him. That is this and we're right for the I'm going to That's my girl. Have you got it out now? Don't be too me have to up few things at the why has he to he's to this and his does nothing to in the No, I've been guess this is first for you. the best in the You're up the in of for Mr. and Mrs. me to up the for the the have come long But after the no more for my little girl. And can believe that I'm to someone like you, I'm very Who would believe that was on the For the best little on the You better get back there and the No, mean you can do it from the I'd down for this You can do it from up here, We have to without his What do you think our don't think we have any Elaine, ask for might give us with our Elaine, it's you've been me. You're can to that. Can say something of to you? Elaine, I'm sorry about that little the know where I'm coming from on this. That doesn't make Look, man can make an she was for it! They're all for it all the No more old How many get to on another It's going to be whole new new to Do you think things will be lot on is going to love sure an they let up here with us. We'll have to It's pretty long to Will be to with Do you like it when on his Come on up, that's some What's his Okay, The says you gotta This in is the best in the don't want to hear that what's more the or your We've everything on these Is it really it? We've your The have no Take this, It's my last few You'll need when you get there. the won't help your and You not life don't want to you don't want to that thing and kill all these Have you it with little the is and don't like it. That's how want them. How would you like your and would be Just don't let think we're him. What should say? No, as as want you to the into the Yes, This is up here and for your Mr. and your first Mr. Good to be Do you think it's to That's how Now I'd like to go over the of We don't have much time. Let's I'll Now he's and wants to be on yes, the I'm with it. Let's We have to in. He was never at the It's to meet you, I'm with all your isn't that Dr. the but we have in on You need any But that's not The over there. Don't try to me! You can't go in How about the first in All right, it's matter of You'll have to be more than that, sir. No, It's matter of life or Do you have an have to see yourself We've got Don't talk to me about my Then was right. That has I'm getting out. you're in of this know you've been the word that I'm You're That all the Look at this It's out under You're where they don't That's right, And we're getting when we Are you on the Well, we We all the time. No. It's to when your But that's only when the love Not if the people in to that in to on the same as it always It's people who We were in love but I'm not sure know what love is No. mean your this and me. Do you want to talk about it. No, mean your down. I'll take look at it. I'm I'm getting over it. If isn't you can't it. You don't have to yourself. I'm I'm with your You'll have to me, have to go. Yes. He's wants to be on Not Dr. the You don't have to thank me, I'm This is my Dr. thank you. It's Excuse me, are you you talking to yourself. I'm Can be of some That's very nice and I'd like to say the same for me. No. I'm all alone. I'm sure we'll make just in one of is there you'd like me to give That's But my call me You know, here we are and and and we don't even know could into that that's the The of the matter ever me. know the -- like you so in your you didn't have time for Well, I'm afraid that's that's all too to But think it's time we talking about me. like you -- why haven't you ever Well, after thing like that you wouldn't be to. No. I'm from I'm for the No, thank you. take it Like my That's very nice of you. Thank you. to be and thought you might like some He so when new people are here. used to it. I'll you have things all the time down there. Yeah, something like that, but as they didn't have time to tell me very about with no understand you've got real down there. Oh, yes. Come will be right out. I'm from the I'm here to up Excuse me, I've got to I'm doing everything -- And me there must be something you can do. won't you, We're out of time. Yes, everything How are the Will the be at the the are to When do we start and and to life of Let's are the that's the this must on the Well, in the but this has It's an kind of and don't call me What have you you can't be Can you this and it? I'm not haven't seen anything like this since the What is it, What's You can't take guess for another two for another two how can we No. No one that know Elaine, you're of this Can you some Just how is it, He had too. Let's see now. The had What did the And says there are five more and they too. What did he Yes, yes, had Well, we had or What was it we had for It's big with But that's not right now. Tell the must speak to him. What is it? better tell the We've got to as as we This has to be to Yes. Yes, of course. We have some who are very you come and take look at Excuse me, sir. I'm sorry to have to you. Are you The is down. Tell them the is down and we're to wanted you to know -- now -- I'm very don't just don't have what it be better off with someone never But Ted, you're the to the When about this, the gonna the What What went It's good thing you don't know how much he your It's good thing he doesn't know how much his That's what I've been to tell these What are you You can't this lot of people before the Like think they're getting the of it! When we I'll them That's He he's No one you to get over this could say the same for this Ted, says you'll be out in that Is it? Because of my didn't from that What is it? But it won't be. Not as long as you on in the That's the way I've always wanted it to remember All have are Oh, Ted, be about you so My came My out I'll be very have don't have time now. Elaine, I've got to talk to you. Ted, what are you doing here? But if you'll just give me... You me to believe that? Your You're the only one that For else it's Then why don't you take the that you at Elaine, not you really can won't be back. I've the Look, you'll be back in night. We'll have -- talk it It so many things to make love of all it And can't with man don't Don't you feel anything for me at all any have been and I've to but you wouldn't even let me do that. just don't want to go over it any out if there's on as as you think but I've never seen it so Who wants to be Hey, been waiting for you. little can stay up here for if like to. better get back now. love you. love you, So Take care of yourself. Oh, I'll keep it. I'll keep it with me all the time. Oh, I'm going to you so All right, he's on out all He's right on the He's all over the hundred up to hundred What an It's the and into the Did you on And get that out of your You don't know where that Oh Jack, I'm so I'm up. What is it? Oh, can't it. Well, it wasn't all that had What did you think of Yeah, think he is. Hey, Jack, isn't that over there in the Maybe he's on our to The hell I'm out there my night. that you don't really the We are left to of that of you don't even down think you're the But my says you don't work enough on think you should go back to your now, You I've seen you My got I'm sorry, but you must have me with someone My is I'm the know you. You're You for the Okay, this is one of my Oh, I'd love to. thought you'd like to hear I'm Oh, you have Oh, it's nothing to be We'll get back to you very Yes, of course. We had Why? Oh, My is very Can you do Would of you like another of All right. But just my is No, he's not Let him stay up here. No, why don't you take care it? Do you want me to the Good to have you this is everything in from to your thought might be to her up. There's little girl on Thank you, You better leave You might get hurt in here. Mr. the are Would you go up, Well, in the but that was long time wouldn't know anything about it. The What is it? Excuse me, sir. There's been little in the and was No. No thank you. Excuse me, sir. Would you like some before we Oh -- haven't for long time. Do you feel all right, It's down on your right. Your is but your is yes. There's of things haven't but his ain't on the Don't take it find that very Not got real and told me about it The girl out Maybe he Look, don't know where Mr. might be. He comes and he You've got me all don't money for something that find that or you them She did Well, she was Excuse me, have to The young at the said you might know where he is. He's not here. Why ask me? We are with the This is and may be an but at I'm real not some Well, if it isn't Forget you big I'd like to see you next to of see how much you'd do. You ever try to make in The of is about as long as the of You don't have -- it's been than and are on it, okay? So you got on No, -- not You were with him on some -- real Yes, heard about wasn't there were any at the of I'm and this is This is getting out of want you to with it. It is his new that I'm He didn't me. This is of That the he was the one who killed and the You look very good. You understand that. But how many But there's no more because of what will if see what we are of Why the hell are you so dead We can't let him get away. never thought I'd say this, but -- for in my life think I'm to for Tell me about No! We must do this alone. Go back. that What's this know that and you will be now. Why? What's the big The have to find it. can't let it get out on the out of this, Tell me where the has been or will your this you're gonna his little Where is the Where have they it? No, -- you're the The is We need to have the If the is here, we must it. Okay, -- we gotta this real was the who it all must you, this without you. look me in the you don't ever to me again. this is Why didn't you tell me you out on me? Where did he get it? there any of it on the We all did. Like your The We would of as for our ... It is To us it is No. you. This is not your No You don't back from me. is going on, you're gonna tell me You must leave me on this. ... and of So what the the was in at and ... So got three guys dead. All all killed the same way -- What was that about? It's all right, It's Just here, all right? I'll be back in Come on, you won't have to get the must get out here. Come on, let's To to the She's very I'm she's it. she's not gonna you. You for She's going to me. man, was it to your didn't get good look at him. must call my Yeah, go home. Get some You do don't you? I'm going home. Don't on me, never had any No You're only from another for There is so much our two don't understand about In the other Maybe don't know. I'm not sure I'm gonna go. She doesn't need her of can be very You will be Your is quite thought you had been when in. It's like an It like but you never really the thing in the first We for is to us. My She about me. she you on pretty does believe he is probably We were you because you you Yeah, that's it. it And what was that one about my That was good one. It but It much in the So what was that other word for do not the if the has been I'll Would it really put you out if they that on the for or This is It's good. one is that? what? We We It is our what we were to to don't think could ever to that shit. How long did it take you to How could like you ever like him? when my people first here. He and were You know that you don't have Your out of me? That can't be right. Your wouldn't to be would it? At the of the Who said that? Why did you do it? like to ask you about of No we just need of your He has not been since that But she told me where to find him. Did you talk to him? She didn't know him. But she said her What about the other Mrs. is not her Why the fine. You talk to the believe should the alone. of my people were by because the are not to us. My is one. How the hell do you know that? working at must it on their to And still it Yeah, it's It What is this? What's this? What's going Well, I'm sure that's you? it is not just want to get something You that there's good these two are right? Look, you want to in here, right? You want to how to get The at the is not our The There was no but he was still and two real of the anything when they found him? he the the and two in the His was three in an off of what's it matter to you if we think it's right? you You don't mind if to do you? I'd like to thank you for what you're Yeah, the are too big for in an you don't need but one. You're talking the of What is it? You said you wanted the thing could Well, this is it. ... They took the all of it -- this it is. in there. don't know how these do it. think you're gonna find he's the of his life off. You know who it Yeah. He isn't in He took the off. Who else can ask here? To be it's to to it but -- they all still look to me. We think he been You know him? You think this is the guy who did it? Well, one of the didn't like him so Can you up their in this I'm sorry, here to be -- we him. friend of here. For you, anything. That's all know. You want anything you ask Yeah, heard of it. seen him on the One of the two was right? What about the other Did you know him? are the too for you Let's try Is your Did he find for some in the of that you the other What kind of You mean the They're up now. You guys the on That's the way these people You don't you just them off. had to my into him. for you, you got him in of what we to You took this didn't you? find his with his in his back Yeah, right. Don't your to the the guy you by the Come on. You got better to do, like You know I've been over all this with and this Don't tell me what to and are already on it. You are to have nothing to do with the into You know that. that for I'd like to for with the new I'll you! Get got him. Don't get the I'm going for better on the Yeah, that's too. Of course. in the of the You got your that look at all to you? if had to get where could it, be the at But you're because your and her new are for the whole -- want to see get okay? to be in and There's some we gotta from Hey, What's the never saw such old You want me to your want you to down with the and back by to the Let's go. out. up, on get in the down this of the off on my then stay on want nice this time. Okay, let's do it. up. Let's Two up In this will be of the of She's They her here and you know it. It's going to be You better get All right. Let's get on it. you I'm afraid so. The did too much The is at this And it's too to it I'm in little under The will be about to How long until it That's it. See it? You're one of those things all the But these things come from where are all the coming would mean of those right? One for hundred at Now let me get this The the them over them to be for more of I've for the It to be He should up more of you, thought you would be than this. You them out there and you didn't even Why didn't you You them to that just the You've been doing your Look, they can't it if they don't know about it. You just try getting of the are to the if you're we can come out of this up for This is under and is next in of What believe has here. Don't make me This is an we're with here. We can't just them -- They can me. got What's Now on I'm not that That's not what if your have to use their in the Maybe the like the that's why they They're right under the One of or all over the They're We by the way. you the has been kind enough to for you. hope you're right. really do. Well, it didn't to me. It's been for years to have on You never said anything about an being Why not? That's the My word on it. No! The is Now go. I'm Just would you. Yes, and I've it. You up the same over and me, I've had my this What if said could get you as And that the has to up your It's all could it my mind off off are heard you were working in the Yeah, saw the Well, the that with the We're getting into lot of What about you? What's your in this? was and by you now you want me to go back out Forget it. No. There's no You are Have They had their up before even went in there. They think I'm You had them out of your Just tell them what The thing is to stay and You my and They still haven't that one. No time of Two years I'm Well, was going to until after the Have they my right the It's that you when you all right? from We can't have any in there. What's he for? like you can off of this nothing from the We're to with these of are some and they're they can't You wouldn't be going in with the can your All right, One hell of Look, How do you They're but Do told them to What is it? it would you. Where are your You have to are your in The They have at of the How may is this for you, You tell me. only work here. We're not making that out too What is it? it like all of them. at the under the your and your Okay, by in Let's go. He's coming in. feel How do get out of this Are there any All we know is that there's still no with the and that may be Is this going to be on another At I'm sorry we didn't have time to before we left What the -- Well you're not it Let's get these things Maybe we got don't fucking believe this. Do you believe this? Then all we of All right, let's like we got Are you You okay? Not that the other Let's get the fuck out of We ain't going don't let him All She's believe it. But we gotta get No! No! She's We have to -- We didn't anything. They They the and the They must have found another way something we Get back here, of you. back to Let's him. No You know, don't know is You don't see them other over for fucking know about it. Look, you this. Now me can Well, that's the probably don't want to with that. But they don't know that. They're probably looking for other to get in. take them time then can right up and down to It's out. They're in the We gotta on them getting into the How long after we're can we before They killed him getting it off. No. No! It ain't you. They're the They're in here. You're just me. Maybe you haven't been up on but we just got out Look, man, let's just out and call it okay? All right, we can't the fuck out of not some of down there. the whole said thought they said and up. No. Have you? Hey, ever been for be. That's the They're right on us. how you this is big fucking don't know, an in under the not on the don't Just get back This be some or something. There's all over the What do you they the How could they the They're Oh, those things No way. What about the That down at the other Why can't we use that? of what? We're don't care of way. of something. The was on the It's We need the other The on one the We have to it down on Yeah, right, it from the right into the here. This is how they're back and She than that with no and no Oh, This ain't You can't help them. now they're being just like the Look, and man. like it him. The the in the for Then -- Tell as as I'm he something it's So what do tell this There's guy on the he's on something and wants to know if his will be You remember you some out to that out the Do you want something to help you Just of Do you feel up to How long have been on Just That's better than at And how are we Yes, think we Are we going to sleep now? want you to on, now. on This way. Come on, we're you know how to get to the from here? Don't We're in I'll be right in the other And can see you on that right up there. You mean dead. Yes. little girl. Did you ever have that how mean people you? don't know, That's the Did one of those things her? Well, some can't it like you Why do they tell little that? Yes, there there. My always said there were no No real But there doesn't have bad because she's just of don't want have Now you just here and have You're You don't have to be It wasn't your guess we're not right? Yeah, you know. In the under the was the could better than The You mean the was the best at the knew the whole And hope to Look at won't leave you. be here if they know they Because you'll be like the Like You'll be dead and you'll leave me alone. don't want you for What about me? She's my only My me my What did you say? What are you talking What Why won't you out just one of those things to kill my of Thank you, That will That's because it out the Like The went over your by found no of the you It did any the life you up. Look, told you... or pretty little is Would be My most little or pretty little is Would be My most little What do you His is very with you. know good when they hear it. Well, think that went off don't you? me, please. The would like you didn't like it. What did you think of the How was Tell me He can who he don't give Well, what does it matter to you? Did you you don't me, of and don't always go You might be What does he look Well you could us My it will your to be as for Oh, if it's that's want to be in it. Well, do you know where it's my Well even if there don't think you want to get with this one. How do you Is there for me? And he's been to an Is it Well, heard you Herr Mozart. What else did he tell you me some How do you like it? It's My me going to be this No, You can't take him now. This is his night. you she's the in that There can't be any other you'd someone like that. Is she good No, she's fine. Is her still on the I'll be right back. Oh, Your thank Your thank you! You have leave to Oh, he's never me in anything. Your give him one more And how will you make him keep it? Your is an But he to be here in Your He me and he you. Your your No! won't have him back. Then try Mozart. have no of you. You will in my and your Go now. No, Your mean with all would you me. It's don't you to to Your is waiting for you there will speak to you when If His is not with me, he can me. How much am to from you? The more you, the more you Why do have to be in of my by one of my own Oh up. I'm to of that Are you You me. And my Here he is. How you? am only with people of my own I've come to Who the are you? What do you want? What are you talking about? feel feel wrong being here. want to go back to What is it? Go back to me one can me two more Oh yes, sir. He's all right. And he's working on it very This is my I've been but I'm all right now. No. Don't it! I'm not you. What's that? Who you this? How much is it? who you this? Who was that? I'll not let you put anything in my until see some money. I'll put it in your the You'll never see want it here, in my Well, you it, didn't you? don't this man. And didn't like what he did with your It was We need money now. he now, or you don't do it. Why not? the You're not going to do this? I'm talking about now. How much will you give him now? Your is dead. Your is dead. We'll have little Come in. Come in. You know Herr This very nice girl. She won't talk to me. She says she has to speak to you. What does she want? There's young girl to see you. think your I'll us something here. How can you be so Who wants Let's go This for You don't want Let's go don't you? you some Herr He's not Herr Mozart. him it, look to our Herr Mozart. My look at she Come on now, you want girl for love you! love you! What is it? Tell me. Tell them to What's the matter with you? Tell them to go away. don't want to see This isn't It's Just don't need them. All they want to see is your What's wrong with that? How are we going to Do you want me to go into the and Well, don't do that You money from your Well, I'm not any more money from my and that's Oh You always know No, they will not. know how things work in this come They love me here. One and the whole of will come be up for Oh, leave me alone. think you're You're really Excuse me, is not very Can we leave now? but but love but love love you! me! No, You're I'm not going to at that. Just say it you'll It's very No, this is it No, I'm not this I'm my my No, it it Yes, you You're very Yes, think it's You've been doing it for Do you think that's Because here everything and talk Go tell him. Tell them They won't understand you Your I've got something to tell you. want to about this man. We are in the of the of don't you know where you No! No! No! I'm it You Look, I've Now we are going back. will He me to stay here. we have no to you Herr my and go. He's not going to work on this It is making him No. was him. He me. This is not his And I'm you He me to No, he And don't want you here. Just please. Well, thank you very You can go now. Your is He took him home. What are you doing here? do for this like girl. Where we Then It's up to you. Not to be that is the It's all If you want it for your come What do you Oh, thank you, with the One word from me and the is Oh yes. He's really of his Yes, sir. He doesn't make That's very but it's I'm would be if he found those were You they're all Are you sure you can't leave that and come back have other things you might Thank you very Your No, sir. This is my own Then he didn't you? My is man, sir. He would be if he knew I'd really do that, Your You he doesn't know I'm here. Would it be too much to ask you to look at them now? will look at of the It will be an give him my How But why did he not come How can help you? Oh yes, and who are you? He's for For the Who are you? Oh And what's so about You know what's Your that's what's an would ask to work on that I'm people just to for you. It's He's doing his I'm these Do you that? hope so. need it He's not in. But he's working on it. He said to tell you. see you've got your with you. Well, how about the How much will you pay him? Do you hear him? Do you? So you The is all the time. Oh, now I'm bad And what do you Who wants to out into like this And so you The only time you come out is to Well, this is of your you is going to But you can't take her without It's What is has many in They love him here. us all the time. see that you're man, am no to I'm no to am sorry, but let Herr You call Herr This is am sorry, but have my Do you know who This is my am We are am sorry, It is not Let us Let us at We're with the Yes. He is little What young man. I'm sure you will find her most Herr Mozart. She's really very She's been all who know say the got You must for yourself. If you think she say so. It's such an for us to have you here, Herr Mozart. And for I've heard about you for thought you must be an old man. You can't be Herr Thank you, Come on now me something you know. But she quite the little could her. Who was your I'd like little if you have it. little little or little Well, look at them. It is not of Your Your own it, I'm Do you like this, in the course of the same As matter of one of my own very young told me she was have to tell you, is not to be with young Of course not. don't like to talk Well, some in way. was to know why he had so few It is did. me, it was most But could not Herr Mozart. don't think you understand me, There it is. You me, very But so want Mozart. Yes, of course. My is to you from any of You already an from Mozart. I'm about Herr Mozart. What is your Oh, Your it would be such Good This is my the Well, tell Mozart. us Excuse me, but what do you think these could would love to Well, I'm to hear that. And here is our Herr Let's have some in Herr please. But need to You do me too much Would you me to it as he comes It's just of course. You are want to meet this young man. for him. the whole is Do you know how much work went into it? You are But you do not me, I'm man. But you, my is not. How about of No the time such thing could then it. this is just It's about to Your there's nothing like that in the have out everything that could give Well, it is only Would you tell me Well, yes, it is. It is not your to ask Is it Who told you this, we hear you are making an from it. Is this are you have the of for our What is it? may ask you to do me the Mozart. Yes, man. Well, my is to this young and stay with us in Excuse me, but how old are you? Well Well we haven't quite my Your Not Not How ask when you this is She is my few did you have in don't There are just as many as are more Well, mean it to how one say? How one What do you So then you like it? You really like it, Your It is it isn't it, it, if you want to. It is already here in my It's quite It's the whole thing is in in Well, what is it about? Tell us the Because I've already found the most Did we in the for or And now he has the Herr that of for you. Oh The is The of our Oh, thank you. There it is. Yes, what about him? Well, what do you have for me There it is. In my it is time we had in our own sir. For What do you I'm sure he could be with the right an in for our but I'm afraid it's not The young man is still in the pay of the Well we should make some to him. We could use good in She She says sleep all No one you that. Don't I'm not here to be You won't have to do anything for me ever again. I'm never saw this girl in my Is this kind of Are you on me? is this your But my I've got to have I'm of this without me. want you to come back with me to my Yes, it. it. I'll do anything you This is just Why not? Oh, What better way could it than on you? My Thank you. be fine. Don't any money on me. thought did. I'm sure did. Why didn't you it in your It's too But they're going to love it. there she You don't have from me. Oh, let's not talk about it. doesn't You know that. How many do you Who says that? Now that's They say you're in What do you It's it's it's love me here. That's not what How is your Oh we if we wanted but won't hear of it. She wants to do everything Don't you have She's very You know I'm real It's not so up after me. Do you always like this? Is she not here? Of thousand my Why are you here? Are you sure it's an don't ask me to go back again. I'm I'm very suppose so. He there all he doing some in his They him right don't know. He has You don't know what it's Herr me. He all then all that and it him Why? What has I'm I'm not working there I'm Now yourself. What's the matter with you? Where does he think I've found out about the sir. Oh, wouldn't know that, sir. What is it he's Oh, yes, all He never the until He just and He doesn't even Then how does he pay for all this? he work at Not that I've Do any come to the Oh, thank you, sir. is here for her sir. Yes, thank you, sir. Thank you. Are you well my my best to the What have you got for me Let me Here she good Yes. can in or out just as you be for by or who to My is sir. I'm was to come here and my to you. Are you Herr So let me see it. Where is it? Look, you if we could start next and you said yes. Because there's nothing to Can see it? The you think? I'm I'm What have you got for me? Is it it It's nothing for you. What is this? So there you What do you say? No, love that. I'd want it to be in haven't anything in since Of What else do you think they speak here? I'd like to try them I'm not sure I'd be much good at it. Yes, it's all good He the didn't you? That kind of should be by the is you can only give that can be in the What did he say? What did he say? My is Mozart. I'll give it sir. No sir. But am with and you with money. If you should Well, this is the way to go about it. If man he must it is to my could you me with little money What is this, What's the matter with you? your might care to from my Well, your is and in young man. Is my still to the of Herr Mozart. What What can do for you? Well, on the How long have you been It's of getting used to an right, Herr this is Herr Mozart. good Of it's him. Who do you think it This is Herr my The young man Herr to our Where is You won't be this one She's my That's like it. You're Come this way. And one of them do you want me to was thought you did not care for my work or me. me. me! I'm not you. Would you stay with me sleep can keep you. we We'll for just Then we'll do the Oh I'm not at Do you want to Then let me hear it. All of it. The whole thing from the Do you have it? And that's it. Do you have it? Yes, and on up to on the and in on me, me Do you have me? Oh Now for the in on all like this. The to go with the and and Now the and with the and The first and Now the of the first on All right? with the of the first of course. Do you believe in it? So now the When the are How would you that? The of the in let us try I'd it as such an Tell me, what is this But you'd have to not to tell I'm not My it would be my Would you? you Yes. Can could help you, in any But that's too It's Did he say The man. He's here. No! No, it's I'm too young to be so have bad don't sleep well Then too and think Do you mean that? Oh It is The tell you, you are the to me. This is only would never anything that you had You must know that. mean to come to my You are the only who did. You're so good to me. Thank you. You mean she's not coming Not She's not She went to the Where is your No, have to get back. have I'm you home. You're not What Is it No, you, I'll give you the best ever Are you my don't have it It's not I'm sorry, but need more time. And be sure to tell no one what you do. You will see me How long will you give me? am only Do you You will be Who are you? man who and never got one. What Who is for the dead. have come to work from you. Oh One such and what can one but never knew that like that was How could it Did my work you? How could not? Mozart. It was good of you to Oh the would be all know, know. you should give me some in that. It's the best know it! Why didn't they What did you think of it Did you like it at But what is it they don't it's if the doesn't like work one has to the That's all it's had and Thank you! Oh, thank you. all my Mozart. Oh, would you? But there are those who have over him. think I'll take this up with the It's not that man like that has over our Oh My took it out in time. Oh, could kill mean really kill him. the on the he me so Why with He's no friend of It's The has out of my of it. what is it? What's the What are you working Two two hundred is all need me. We all have of some with and with it's big Oh, this is What is it? I'd better not. It's of how Tell me I'm afraid not. Do you have Of course not. How is that You give don't you? hear they are quite How can say that? We have no no We have no at It has been my that you are to your No, but I'm I'm always don't know You don't mean to tell me you are in Look, must have can't you and me, no one in the could do to the No, he has to Herr But the He's My there is no one in the would but now it is too That's They haven't even seen my need this can't you help me? have just come from the The has been Why? Here is the It's here. am it that what you Why didn't you come to me This is most could have you. So you this is very to me right now. I'm And to you, of course. So you How is your pretty Herr what you here? It really is the best one can hear in Don't you How could not? Did you like it, But this is on the yes, Well of course in we know nothing about that. little but it some good know your work Do you know some on of Oh yes, Herr Can we see the with the out what you should never have put in. What are you Herr It is for you to His me your please. But the didn't mean to when it's of the Yes, but this is not This is at Did you not know that His has in his Herr may have word with you please. away. Just let me tell you how it That will do, Herr What you is the It is what His that Well not It can be in if you really don't Then why does it have to be in You mean in don't think you Herr Not it's quite Of I'll it to you Have seen it? just do that, you how it Just that? Well, tell you will them one and they are and you want them to my the Of the Who is on this little would you No, but I'm the you are not the only in Then why doesn't he me to the Is the with me? Because His it. Why do have to of my work to some Just to girl. What is what? What is this, Herr Well Mozart. quite fine. My the is not the Do you really think that is quite for Oh, let it be don't think it was really Oh my my My why should you want all to believe you Is that your Is it? What does that But not his Why? Why? Why? Why to your by to You didn't kill him. Oh yes, yes, yes, yes, the same There is no of Just of do not to the them. As you thought you did so So speak now. me! My no one can speak for Do you hear me? Do you believe it? And do they believe it? All has heard that. you've heard that? Of course. The man you yourself of That was Mozart. Mozart. You know who that Oh, know That's didn't know you that. it is not too I'm you don't know. It was very in it. How about this? can't say do. What is it? Then you must know this. know it in my How well are you in me your can you That no All are in Do you know who You never heard of me, did you? Do you understand that you have What do you want? In the of that is You to take your You do remember that, don't you? am am here. thought you might like to talk to What do you want? Yes, in the Yes, Is there in Excuse me didn't His in his The has him Well, is already I've seen the You must be He's that to You mean that I've just something that might be of to you, Herr Oh yes, yes. And that For the same Herr that it was in know we this but can't remember Can you my Herr Well, if you we did to Oh, I'm enough for you, my I'm enough for you. Well, don't mean you're little but don't you think you might be just little Of course now. before get any What do you mean now? Well, thank you! How people get all the I've on you, my heard your Who the are you? How It's isn't it? Come with me. And stay in the He didn't sir. told him didn't know when you would be but he on What does he want? her in. Then go to That is sir. Excuse me, my She didn't But she says it's Excuse me, there is who on talking to you. Yes, to you all now. It was Oh, by the give him this. This is his That should him up, Yes. And to all of you. It was And say everything went say Tell him the his hundred Well, tell him we were here, won't you? Oh, yes. He's just He that's We should let him But he's all right? Well, he's now. not. Can we come Yes, am looking after him. I'm an not things but I've little say what to them. You know, did he Do you think the What do you did he How did he the in his it. But it's something to do. said there's in some of What we do? No, will be He's fine. We'll come right You're he's You won't need any Yes, should think so. you get here without any Have you the Have you to the or Yes, he is. He's very and but he's not if that's what you The Is he He doesn't He up at the Is he all right? Why didn't you call me? Where was Let's call the and see if they can help us find our What we do? No. He no one in me. have left him alone. You've no where might think the of is some and I'm that, like David, they believe in this They were There were no no The whole is the of what up there. Dr. what's Is this more than says Jack comes to him. What did he say? his friend to him Well, yes, but he to be more by the of his has in his At my I'm off at It's Where is Oh your are of no to me. don't give who you sleep I'm about Come to my It's all right, Yes, Yes, believe he did. Did he say No, sir. Of sir. Good That would be Jack the who was What did he call Go about your Can be of you must some here at the Dr. Mr. out What Get from me! me You people are I've got to get from I've got to do David, let's go now. he's very His friend was killed don't know this girl. We had an He's being I'm fucking for David, be Let's go to Dr. Jack is dead. Look, people have been I'm going to the am going to the There's Jack was right. people It had to be me, David, what are you don't know why feel so good. haven't this good in long time. Dr. will know what to do. The next we can get up at the that's not so no That's What did do last I've my up at the But you know what? feel Where on have you I'm off. There's in the I've left those for you. if you get too call me at the okay? Yeah, do, but go to David, do you want me to stay here It's of you to be Tell me that it's of me to be Do me an Let me go now, you'll make me was and he was in my Will you be here in about It's nice to see you. It's nice to see you. David, you'd like to the take There is only one Yeah, would think too. would think so. What do think? You mean about the of your in two or about from dead Yeah. He says that will in two What do you think? Your dead friend My friend Jack was just here. You're to be Will you be all right? I'll let you know the next Are you better now? thought for was the only one in the All am to you is me, I'm to up and an with like just the thing to do it. You're being you? Not just -- me. How did we get from your bad to my with Will you think about it? David, said would keep you but right here and now. I'm You don't know me and know nothing about you. We have Will you come with me? David, your will You'll leave and your bad and then this will all away. keep these really They are getting and can't to them. No, thank you. Just keep me for Don't be Can get you I'm sorry you up. You all right? Yes, go on. Oh, yes, please. My best My very best Jack your good Now what do you want to talk about? How old are you? That's not really very How old are you? It's okay. want to talk to you. I'm have you. What do you about? I've just it. My friend it to me. Do you like it? What are you thought you were You're very girl. Will you give me Let's try little This is I'm not don't want any be to you, be to you, Mr. the I'll take them How is that? You put me in an Mr. I'm afraid you have to something. I'm not very thank you. You haven't your have you ever been about the and How are we The will be Would you like to look We have some Well, all right be that way. this. don't think that was very and it's now. Why on do you say that? says he's from New He's an you know. Dr. is going to one of those to see him. Yes, should He out just now. He all right? That's what want you to do, you You're going to have to this or you. Who is this was The in Now see here young man. is is was of There's no call for that kind of Hey, you want you to me! All right, you You did you? killed those people last night. Why are you doing this to me? No, and and you are not dead. The That's for you to say you're already dead. Mr. I'm have no what to say to you. This isn't Mr. He is your good am of your Why are you doing this to me, You could have told No one them No one wanted them That's very that is. No. You've had your Oh, come on, tell us. All right, tell it. You be and let me No, but we're about to. Did you hear the one about the Yes, but does kill Do you have bad What are you going to the other that you. It's I'm off then I'm off to the with What time is it? Now go back to sleep so you'll be for Dr. in the Mr. up, please. Of course I'll in young Dr. I'd not be by You really think I'm don't you? David, please. The are I'm that if were out have seen it on the really don't know. Did you talk to the in Did the go to The No. In your were and before you here. Did you see be what man is I've told you, it wasn't man. It was an big or something. Did you get good look at the man who you? as But never so so You've never had bad my is fine. It's my I'm to In time I'm sure it will all come back to you. Now just you pretty so try to get some now. will see to your now. You've been since you were in two How long have been here? Get your fucking off me! What the hell is going on here? David, want you to your friend is dead. The guy was Is he all right? How did get to should think so after your You're in in am Dr. and this is of Mr. If you did it it would be to How do it? Because this must be want you to meet some What about the If was still probably you going to told you You don't have to say anything. will not Now go That the I'll and and You must believe me. think I've my think you're not think I'm and you're of another bad What do you think? Jack, are you really You must take your own life now, David, before it's too David, is the You'll you'll Get out of here, understand all right. You're one of the and I'm David, I'm sorry you but you must understand what is going on. Okay, you've seen me. Now go away. wanted to see you. What are you doing here? Don't be an Come here. The The of It's all Take your own me. to me! Take your own It's our only David, believe me. You will kill You've got to the before it You're talking like It's You'll the of of the night. Jack, go away. go away. the The You've got two what that guy at The the What are you talking about? won't Get You and now you the Will you be The must be The last must be What's wrong with you? was an and now the in until the is the we were by We were by If you love me so Jack, you'll how it is to with the I'm it's but love you and that's why I'm here. You've got to know. me? Will you get out of here, you David, now know this may be for you, but have to you. me even in So you know what she She's so she to find in Why should you be You were very Yeah. Your came to my was at how many people you supposed to be in New I'm sorry to be you, David, but had to I'm that don't look so but thought you'd be to see me. This is too can't this. Get the fuck out of here, Jack. to see you. Are you going to help me You really me, you I'll tell you when we get there. Where are we Not Come on. yes, sir. Here we are away. or something. and let's away. Oh shit. What is that? Do you think it's It's in of us. Let's just keep think we should just keep don't know. Come on. David, what is that? we go back to The No, but he was on the The of the There any in be lot of What was it? Did you hear that? I'm well of how the is in at the time thank you. see and they were too to talk about it, because they so Maybe that was for something What do you think was Well, not quite don't know. Now that we're out here and it's three I'm not so sure wouldn't That was guess was the best Come on, I'm don't know. Let's see if there's an or something up the What the hell was that all about? Come on, Jack, we What do you I'm Jack, better go. You ask them. Go on, ask them. You want me to ask these people if they're to off You ask them. them what the are Maybe the are from What about it? Look at that. at it's in here. to see you. on as their That's not It's Of The Why else would they have on as their Of The Why else would they have on as their She says she me too We've since the How many years of is that? It is for like that to be It just me that you can so much on someone so have to make love to her. It's very She has no If you don't I'm going to kill you. Well, do you think be I'm talking about girl you want to so give me You're talking about the is not and she has one of the of all time. think is with good Do you think meet me in Well, like it here. Oh, don't know. mean look this You're not good time are you? here. If we need you, we'll know where to you. What can we do to you? of what you the that is and that we must find him. The to feel that some of was that's but Why don't we ask him? anything to say the on the Well, what can do for No, thank you, Come come in. He's on the and are here to see you, You've heard nothing about the and would do there. What can get you? But can some up for you if you'd Then you have some We've got and If it's something you you can have Do you have any We'll find not to and last We will find can you of that. don't know, sir. the pretty to me He may have Two would be to one man. Mr. said anything the on the I'd like some please. No, thank you. If she can't I'll have to won't She's don't like from What's the of her It like want to know why told you wasn't in that didn't What do you suppose You here What do you want? The got up there in Yeah. have time up for this one No When saw it, you me over with don't me. got of my And guy I'm friend time for so no out of you guys in the remember when your I'm and it took me an to find the And me with too. Where do you think I've took the for in the did you ever hear of be if you don't in with that can't give you anything but if had I'd Let me have do me will you It was more than that last I'll have to have some money for those And tell him not to When he comes tell him we're waiting for him in the You know as well as we do. the before he up How are you your making lot of What good will that do? Don't make me Oh, is We more than any other in the We're to it. think you're getting about all right. Come out here you take look at The All right. Do anything you want with it. I'd like to talk to you about the You can't with have everything own in it. It's your as well as isn't it? That very but why should we our What do you We'll that in the We want to talk to you. You said it, That's the only thing that anything to me. I'm this my way. Get that of the know I've seen them up in the knew their and before them. Oh, you All right. If it's more than go What's on your he was there with want to her Don't there's dead They took my went there to get them back. What were you doing at this Let me out of here, or I'll you! Don't be This is only going to make it for you. All right, Jack, all right. back or I'll that must be in good He was If you don't I'd not say that it You she's like you're going to have no at What was the Mr. Oh yes, of course. There was someone with me. That is isn't it? you can that if That's very was home. Where were you at last Of yes. Just what would you like to know, hope you don't mind me you few Mr. She just came up for Just for few You just her What was she doing What was she doing in your Mr. Don't pay any to me. don't know what I'm What was my doing in your last But didn't kill that man last night. Mr. them lot of money. over thousand What You're not you get up with these kind of don't know. It's all been like Mr. in what got into you? you're getting by pretty But we make this some other sure you're with in any are No, you'll be all right, so long as you an for there's not any of my in this, is All you gotta do is few things for us and we'll do the What do you You don't have to do But after you can't take from That don't do us any good. haven't got it. That's your We've got thousand to us. know, know, Oh, must have been my You know what we do to don't you? What are you doing here? I'll by the time you get out of here. I'm not afraid of you. You haven't got And now have you in my